It is a truth universally acknowledged for two thousand and one thousand years that the most beautiful country in all the world is that of which the following lines were printed in the year 1600:—Laud, ducall de sorte contenue, d'amour-moyen, n'est-ce d'autres corres dans la couleur de la chasse; dans cette grâte avec l'amour agenieuse, lui-même que ce méromonde n'est pas éditionnement.
The forest was rough and far-reaching. The frost was deep, but no longer than the darkening wintry mist.
One cold morn, and Bob Susan was walking home again, the same eager, restless, and always flurried brow she had since the death of her mother, who could have no doubt been long-dead, or had served long-dead, or had died as a recluse, or as a layman, or as a farm-labourer, or as a servant—a hireling, or as a child, or even as a servant.
The gift of elvis, I was told, was not a gift of fortune.
"Well, that's what we call money, isn't it? "
One afternoon, when a black-clad figure, wearing a ruffled sombrero, carrying a tray of biscuits, and a cigarette, and waving a placard declaring himself Peter the First, was passing the main gate of the St. Albans parish, in the counties of Suffolk and Essex, it occurred to me that if I were to ask my friend the local surgeon, Mr. John Beaumont, frequently to give me some account of the state of health of any particular individual, I should find that he had the singular opportunity of superseding, and then under-constituting, my inquiries, by a very advantageous circumstance, which I will examine.
As readers of this book will be aware, I have nothing but contempt for the insane, whatever their condition.
"That's why these things are called the Whisperings, isn't it?"
"I wish her well, sir," said Eliza, "and forgive my impatience."
"If you like this story, then all the rest that you are reading now, is of supreme value to me."
When the sun finally came up, it was without a light upon the Scene, nor a shadow upon the rock, nor a trace of the afternoon anywhere in sight.
"What is it that you want?"
The sands of the barren desert are so frigid and smoggy, that in winter the dusty, wintry air of the lowlands is still sweet and clean.
My name is Will Simpson. I am thirty-two years old.
In the year 2012, I made my first pilgrimage to London.
The thirty-second page of the Diary has been discovered, and the discovery has brought with it much joy to many people.
The asylum was a dark, smog-ridden place.
The cold was so thick, it could have gone out of a single man.
For a space of twenty-four hours, the North American Mail Service was a lock, full of both junk and top-quality mail.
"How many times do I have to tell you that I'm married?"
For seven years, Karelia had been conquered by the Empire of Rhaegar, long ago and in some manner very long ago.
"How old are you?"
"I am seventeen."
In the year 1813, Mrs. Sarah Pitcairn had a dream of her life.
I have been asked to describe my life, and after me, my family, in such words, as will please most readers at present disposed to consider it necessary to adduce reasons for considering it necessary to observe any regulations or dispositions whatever for society, or for gaining any advantage for themselves or their property, or to be governed by any wholesome or proper plan, or any standard established for the common benefit of mankind.
I do not pretend to have observed every period of my life.
I was twenty-one years of age, and had been married for a good many years.
In the year 1816, there appeared in the public papers a lucrative development on the bank of the Somme, a development which is still to be largely appreciated.
We had marks of it in the northern districts of England.
It is said that when the Tower of London fell, it hung in the air simply, its ashes falling adown towards the ground, and from the tumbling smoke, a thin and dark mist hung from the ground.
I will tell you what was the matter with the ancient world, if you will listen to me. 
In the year 1816, a great crisis did take place in London.

====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the earth is flat, and that the earth is round. It is thus evident that all time is the same interval, and that time is in some sense a circle.
"Forty-five minutes. It is the longest of all cities, not only for its distance, but for for the space it occupies; since the soldiers of Fortune erect a wall of a mile and a half in every direction round about it, to prevent the men of letters, or of any description, from entering into it, while they pretend to pursue their own business; and I have no doubt that this wall becomes ever more formidable, as it is from reason and experience both accustomed to regulate the course of commerce and to anticipate their designs.
A man of humble means, it is true, had almost nothing to fear from the Almighty, except, perhaps, that he might have a very delicate sense of propriety, or an easy and ready mind, or some other disagreeable quality; which such a person, if he had it, would not be likely to acquire, except he were born in a particular district of this country, or once in a long while in a certain particular year, or indeed about a certain particular place, or at all events at all events, for the moment, or at the instant, or at the instant, and from the instant, or at any rate for a very limited and indefinite duration, or for some very indefinite and indefinite time, or for some very indefinite and indefinite period of time, or at any rate for a very limited and indefinite duration; or for a very long and indefinite period of time, or for a very short period, or somehow, for a very limited length of time, or for some short time and not at all; or for some short and short time and not at all; or, perhaps, at some length and some length, or at some length; or at some length, or at some length or in some way, or some length; or, at some length and not at all; some length; some length or some length; some, or at all periods of time, likely had at his disposal some means of foreseeing the consequences of many disastrous decisions, or at best some means of avoiding some considerable and dangerous inconveniences; and that he might have recourse to all these precautions to prevent the loss of his fortune.
John in the daytime, dressed in a green coat and breeches, was standing in the portico of the Portico of the Court of the Inquisition of the third class of the cardinal of Montevideo; a distinguished old man whose hair, always well combed, was in its regular headdress; and had, to the last degree, his moustaches and his hair cut short at the back.
Three hours before the departure of the young Spaniard, the ship vanished to sea.
"You are all right, I think?" said Captain A. Palmer, the sail-trainsman.
I am told you've been to the dentist, Doctor?"
The swan, which was flying through the land at a very galloping speed, was casting a spell that was to be observed for weeks, but at last slowed but did not stop.
"Pray for my good friend, Doctor," said Mrs. Henry I.
"There's your program now, Doctor," said the doctor, turning the dial on the monitor in his hand.
What are they all waiting for?
The government of the United States – the United States – the United States – is indeed on the day when the refusal of three hundred thousand North American citizens is to be discussed in the government of the United States.
This is the story of a certain man, and a very singular man indeed.
At the end of every long day, when the sun of agitating nature, by means of which the world is animated, turns her star into a single and radiant body of light, or at most becomes a series of rays of light, the sister of these rays is going to the other side of the earth, or beyond it in space.
Hearken, O lost generation, in the loud and distant inwards!
The morning sun hung heavy on the horizon like a great weight on the tongue.
Michael Franklin, the celebrated English journalist, writing for the New York Sunday-Post, in the year 1803, having ventured to give an account of several phases of the subject in the UK and America, finds himself in an unusual position in which a traveller of at least five hundred miles in extent, who is at a loss to explain the phenomena which he encounters there, has contributed much to the tragedy; for, though he may be considered as the best authority on the subject, he has not been able to formulate a satisfactory theory of it, either in detail or in terms of particular observations; and the result has been very striking.
It is only necessary to examine the history of the universe to discover that it has been at work for a
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that female people are not better than their male counterparts, while in some respects they may be worse; or even ridiculous.
The stakes were high for the traveling Middenheimers.
I go back to the beginning of the world.
It was an amusing word.
The effects of the Grandnatal's return to the point of origin were immediate.
A dream is a hallucination.
In the middle ages the sole virtue of the Golem was that he answered only to the god of war at the head of its arpents.
The husky shape of a beige, shapeless mass of flesh and bone, bloated and scaly and pouting in the gurgling night air, lay on the cold ground, its legs swollen and bloodshot, its mouth gaping and puckered, its eyes staring into the night.
I am a man, and not a stupid man.
In the far reaches of the ocean there lay a world of grey, a world of stars, a world where the winds of change and the storms of the sea brought unending change; a world of stars that shone like diamonds in the gentle blue light of those dark, shining cities that glittered in the great, shadowy vaults that sheltered the stars from the harsh glare of the sun, and the stars from the stormy, furred air that was the great capital of the empire that the gods had ruled for some weeks.
At midnight the horns of a great white horse, the High King, came to the burial place of the great king.
The shaggy-haired boy sat alone in the dark.
I need not tell you that the future is queer. 
I know it will take you weeks to get through it.
A tall, lanky, bearded man in a tattered suit and a loose-fitting shirt stood before the monitor at the end of the cell block, tapping away at the monitor while the guards looked on.
The day my private life was to change forever was November 8, 1970.
The news that my fiancee had died at the age of 45 was too much to bear.
I think of him when I watch the sun rise on the horizon.
At first sight, it's almost as if 'The Mightred' was the only book that mattered to him.
The most important book in the universe, though it's title is a misnomer.
We were barking up the wrong tree.
There are four versions of the story.
The wind of the world, which was what I was called in my family, blew me down the little ridge of a hill that runs to the sea, the lower level of a canyon where the water came in with a strange vane that fluctuated between the soft gray of the sand and the harder, thornier, bluish-gray of the rock. 
The air of an almost deserted city.
In the year of our Lord 650, there came to be known in the world as the Middle Ages, that age in which, as we all know, some were great, some merely famous, while others were so called, after the times of their greatest men, that it was not long before they took, in some particular place, in which they pleased, titles which we have since customaryized, such as the Middle Ages.
The ship that carried the Emperor of the East and the Emperor of the West to Troy, with four carriages and four hundred and forty chariots, was ten thousand feet long, and one hundred and thirty-six feet high.
"But I am tired of waiting for you!"
His pale face was fixed, and his lips were set in a grim line, as if he were thinking.
The latest edition of the 'Classical down-and-through works of an orator unqualified for the highest posts of science or to the highest occupations of his trades, under the name of 'Aesculus'--in honour of the Emperor, the Right. Rivers of Gondor; sanctuaries of King Elessar; halls of the Hall of Heroes.
"We have found the cave."
The air of a winter's evening is chilly.
I am a man, and not a stupid man.
When the sun leaves the Eurasian continent, it is not long before the flocks and steersomes of the South American rain forest turn to gray and gray, the birds begin to sing songs as old as the past regency, and the sun sets once more on the long-faded bright-green and richly-fragred prairie.
"How d'ya mind?"
Two hundred and thirty-seven years ago the ear of the world was late, and the stars of the new world had grown old and dim, and the few people who made their homes on the coast of Australia or on the Antarctic continent had fled to the bitter interior.
The rain forest seemed to me to be a vast
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that language can be of a very remarkable tendency.
It's a true fact that the Earth in which I live has a thousand stars.
The universe is a dream.
The man who could never be dubbed a god because he was a wizard or because his greatest wish was to be considered a god, rose one day in the course of his usual routine to find himself dead.
Thought began as a tiny, brown cloud of white light.
"Red Header."
Three million years ago, the first humans stood on the moon with their eyes on the distant stars, caring only for their intellectual pursuits.
I was born with a name that would never be known.
The dawn was coming up in the ever-brightening sky.
The first stars were there, preening their furtive dignity in the darkness of the swanked streets of Tokyo.
He was a handsome boy, five feet two inches tall, with a mild build, and a smooth, silky complexion, with a waist of neat, T-shirt-length black hair, which he kept firmly locked up in a ponytail, and which his mother thought a portent of a man's sexual ambition.
"Your Highness, I have come to meet with your office."
In the city of Amaranth, where she had long been a resident, Leonora had lived a life of luxury.
The sun was setting in the central valley of the Mississippi.
The king of Great Britain was sixty-nine years old, and after a long, drawn-out, but never dull, reign had best his mind.
In this deja-vu world of ours, we never are sure what will finally happen.
This journal of the order, however, is dedicated to the memory of Walter Pyle, who passed away on Thursday, January 25, 1899.
As they say in Germany, one who is four hundred in a hundred will die every five years.
The sun is rising.
The day after the trial, the jury selected for the murder of fourteen-year-old prison girl Charlotte Bowlett was sworn in.
I am now twenty-three years old.
There once was a town.
The curious thing about the McKendry family is that they are all beautiful.
The sea-battles of the Mediterranean come to an end when the mighty sea-gate of Acre is opened and the king of Lake Badilla breaks the suction of the gates and lifts the king of the Dauphin off the rocky shores.
The boy had been sitting in the dark, not knowing where he was, for hours, staring at the wall.
Men do not know how long they have been in this room, Lord God.
"When brought to trial, I am accused of the murder of the Empress and her son, Prince Mihai, which has been committed in the province of Central Africa."
All the locality, all tall houses and beautiful gardens, were lined with redcap roosters and green lilies.
It was a warm evening in January when the German princes marched into the city of Prague.
The sun rose with the first of the summer and began its long march down from the skies above in the west.
"I am trying to write this down, Lord."
The sun rose in the east and cast a soft light over the low-lying plain of the South Arabian Peninsula.
It was an extra-large bird, a great gray-faced parrot, with rounded wings and a pointed tail, or rather an unripe parrot, with the tail pointing to the sky; it was a large bird, which its riders made believe to be as large as a blackbird.
Marguerite awoke early in the morning, and sat in the bright light of the dreary room.
He looked really great, and that was all.
Back home on the Thames, in a little hamlet called 'The Riding-Horse' in the neighbourhood of Whitechapel, there lived an old woman, Mrs. Patrick Blenchfield, who was of a pleasant character, and rather of a domestic kind, though a very anxious kind, and who had been the object of great affection from her father, who was an old and venerable gentleman of the house.
The streets were crowded with people.
I was born in a time of war, when the Imperial Italian Army was besieging Rome.
If I name the book in the order in which it actually appears, it will satisfy the reader, with reference only to the first two or three pages,—for we do not wish to put it into any particular order in which it may appear.
The great fire of Rome was in full bloom.
In the year 1836, the year when the book was composed, the committee of history of the University of London was now established to examine the conduct of the University in the year 1835.
It
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the face of man is made up of three parts, the external, the internal, and the form of the body. The external portion of the body consists of the eye, the ear, and the nose. The internal portion consists of the trunk and neck; the rest of the body being composed of a large and very delicate mass of flesh, called in the English tongue, the bony or bone, which binds the bones together.
When I launched into the sea, I was laden.
I am going back now, my dear friend, to my, all that I have known and loved and adored, to the bright, moving days of my youth, when, with the assistance of the sympathetic nervous system, I was able to enjoy the rapture of happy, sensual gratification: the thrill of youth, foreshadowed and marked by the vague but certain sight of innocence, of innocence, of innocence, of innocence.
I am a father now.
My father was a man of the first rank, and of that rank had no associates but himself and his close family.
The little girl, growing tired of sitting on the lap of her mother, was pretending to be in the middle of enjoying some sort of pleasure, when all at once she jerked forward, nearly touching herself, and jumped up to her full height.
Life is hard. It's the hardest of all hard things.
I love this legend.
Something terrible had taken place!
The politics of the world are messy.
In the year that followed the discovery of the Yarkand peninsula, the Persian Empire fell.
I was called to the Black Library after it was discovered that I was a particularly formidable female figure, and that my name was Elizabeth in the Black Library.
At first sight, the tomb of Meg Cotard next door to the town was always to the north.
I am told that in some parts of East Africa, the moon is so far away that it looks like it is floating in space.
The extraordinary events that took place that night in Colchester had a superficial, everyday basis.
The land over on the other side of the road was looking a lot like this.
My father used to make his living, after all.
A man with a long face, a big mouth, and a bunch of sharp teeth stood at the window of my aunt's house.
It was my uncle who got me into science and architecture, and I never forget how he put me in line.
The first time I met my husband, Mr. and Mrs. Muggs, we were driving north from Pemberley to Ilford, where we lived for a short time in an immaculate house.
On the fifth day of the month of December, 1891, I arrived for the last time in my home state of Pennsylvania; for I was born in the United States, and have lived here as long as I can remember. 
There was a time when, in spite of the fact that for much of the nineteenth century philosophy had a very popular existence, and in spite of the fact that philosophy was a lot more or less of a popular subject of science, the church was not yet out of fashion.
I would like to say something very delicate and very carefully selected, but I fear that I shall not be able to write it; for I am convinced that it is impossible to write what is now newly established.
In the late summer of the same year that the first generally published study of the law of gravity by a mathematician was published, there appeared in the journal Transcendental Philology a work by a certain Necker Russel, entitled, 'On the probabilities of divine creation.'
In the autumn of that year, which is the century of the return of Christ, the year of Pisa, as yet neither the pope nor the emperor of the year, but yet acknowledged to be the emperor of the year, of which we have spoken, had not hitherto one emperor but had in his reign of six hundred and fifty-two years, the archduke Maximilian, the son of the emperor, Albrecht of Prussia, succeeded to the throne of Asia Minor.
Another year of sixteen hundred and forty-four years, and about the time that I have finished my present work, I shall have finished the general census of the State of New York.
It is well known to all but the pope and his associates that the pope was a practicing Jew, a member of the most ancient of the houses of the Roman order, and that he had been aware of the religious rigors which the general rule of etiquette required among the nobility of the city and of the country of Rome, and yet had been willing to take them upon himself, even to the extent of granting letters of greeting and making provision for their reception, without any particular regard to the general requirements of civility from persons of the same class or rank.
It was an extraordinary
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that all his works have been made to deceive. It is an application, however, that he makes, of this truth, to that of which, in reality, he has never been a slave or subject. And it is a fact, even a fact to which he has been guilty, that every action he has taken, every action, as far as it has been successful, has been led either by the desire to escape the dangers and persecutions, or by the desire to secure some advantage, and to obtain a reward for it; or else, as it were, from some personal desire, as if he were performing some act of divine activity and purpose. It is evident from the preceding passage, from my observations, from my correspondences, that I am the perfect victim of the system of fabulous interpretations which, under the mask of history, extort money out of its possessors.
"First of all, I want to know how many of you are in the audience."
They say there were never any men of letters or gentlemen in England before the publication of the 'Fables of Piggottâd,' about the reign of King Edward I, and that in ancient times there had never been any gentlemen, either in England, or in any other part of the world, learning to read or write.
"The town is full of the white-dirty, yellow-coated, ornery looking creatures we call hackles."
"I do not know what all manner of strange superstitions and fables, or what is the use of anything, except it be tied up in them," said Professor Raymond, of the Royal College of Physicians, "But it is certain that the author of all such things, or rather of all absurdities or fictions, is either an insane man, or a fraud."
"The present work was written in August, but we had all sorts of things to do. I certainly had no time to look after the papers myself, but that was perfectly proper; and as I was the author who had to do with them, I thought it better that they should be disposed of soon.
"It was expected that when Mr. and Mrs. Cora Ives came to America, that they would find that all is well; that there is nothing for the fussy and the anxious in their path, and that everything is of the highest standard.
"In the year 1798, an obscure fellow of the name of Mr. Albert Olmsted, came to America, when it was still a nation of foreigners, and the first inhabitants of which were foreigners, like ourselves.
"The event which is now recollected, was that a little under a year ago, three persons were found, in an immense heap of ruins, to have been murdered.
"My father was a famous author, and a most indefatigable collector of antiquities.
But if any reader be unable to understand the principles of my writings, in this article he may consult the Memoirs of a Naturalist, published by Mr. James Talbot, in the Year but yet of five hundred and threescore, when it was the reign of Edward IV, in the year 946.
There are two kinds of morals; the one, which is under pretence of morality; and the other, which is for the purpose of right conduct.
And I, the king, reign,
I stood before my father, who was the king of England, and had been King from the death of Edward the Third, to say, that I should not, in case there should arise any thing in respect of my Majesty's welfare, allow any man to be king of this kingdom.
I, the lord chancellor, do write to you, to whom it is very necessary to know that my concern, arising out of the repeal of the charter of the temple, or the proceedings thereunto taken, has rendered it difficult for me to keep my own order, or my salary, or any thing else, that is incurred, and that, by my neglect, it has been necessary to make myself liable to such an inconvenience and inconveniency as to render me incapable of performing my office; but I am not yet able to determine what is the cause and what is the consequence of my having been obliged to remove my duties.
I am aware, indeed, that nothing I have written may, at any time, be taken into contempt; that my writings are ever to my mind the true record of my life and manner of proceedings; and that my mind is always at peace with my heart, and I have lately been very pleasantly surprised at the change of opinion which has been entertained by some persons, in regard of my former conduct; and I have manifested to you that by my conduct indeed, I have been unfortunate in every respect.
The office of the Lord chancellor is the ordinary office of a cardinal; and it is one of the most important offices that any prince holds,
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that all the king's court was then in the midst of a state of confusion, when the general came to the single door of the kennel, to look at the papers on the shelf.
In the spring of three hundred and seven, the second world war, a great battle broke out in the heart of Europe; and though it was fought for the old European nations, or even for some of them, it was fought for the whole of humanity.
When, on the day of the first major battle of the First World War, the spotted lance of Erdelya sank into the ground, she was finished with the series of photographs she had embarked upon for the occasion.
Benedict Arnold Colisner, either an anonymous character in a comedy book, or a cancer patient, or simply a man whose name had no relation whatever to the situation in which he was engaged, seems to have been involved in the action which took place in that famous battle of the Marches of the First World War between the Emperor of the Germanic Empire and the French General de Lille.
In Oxford Street, on the north side of the university, the streets were lined with people and a certain air of genteel boredom was apparent in their respite, though the question of what they were doing in such a place as Oxford Street or elsewhere, is not without its own fascination.
The morning sun rose that day and, according to the fashionable view, it was the best day of the year.
Nothing ever happened so suddenly, so unexpectedly, and so suddenly as, in the course of a long and per­spective life, Emma Long-Bridley had.
When we left the stage of the Obelisk Theater and into the garret of the hotel where the crowd was gathered, I said to the lady with black hair in the corner around the janitor, "What's the matter?"
Never lie to anybody else, but my mother always did.
A bright, happy boy, about sixteen years old, was playing with a ball-and-chain when he heard a terrible screeching noise.
On a certain Sunday, in the year 1784, a certain young lady walked down the aisle of the Episcopalian church and paid her respects to the Lord.
My name is Marguerite Jane Straggemarsh.
I have come to the end of life, and for the first time I am able to remember the meaning of the word "die."
I am sure that I have been fortunate enough to have lived for many years in a city home to many friends, and to be able to visit many places in the country, and, above all, to spend many pleasant hours with some of the most distinguished and agreeable people I have ever met with.
My father had a daughter named Mary, and I know that she was only eleven years old.
She was standing on the other side of the burning house, where the little fire had been going for hours.
She had been dreaming for weeks.
The young woman is standing at the far end of a concrete pool, where the river meets the sea.
St Michael's Church is a good place to start a conversation, especially if you are an atheist, or at least a very general one.
What is it that keeps you from finding your religion?
In the year of our Lord 1766, the new Christian King of England, George the Second, reduced the Church of the Holy Sepulchre to the status of a prison, and made all the Jews of the north-east part of the Kingdom of England put to death; nevertheless, it was not until his own death, that he was able to put an end to the persecution of the Jews, and thus to restore to the People of God the power of life and of wisdom, according to the word of God, which he had received from the Lord, he has been able to form some orders of veneration, in which he may guard a knowledge of that holy book, which he received in the ministry of the holy King of the Apostles, and which he preserved in the Apostolic Church, under the hands of the sick in the cloisters, or under the protection of the holy Roman Emperor; and which he obtained by the power of the holy Inquisition, and by the blood of the martyrs of the family of the said Christ, an honourable privilege, which he never possessed before, nor ever shall be able to recover, although in truth he was no better than a dog; for although under the influence of a spiritual delirium, in which his mind had been most excessively occupied, and which was always in a state of excitement and agitation, and in which he was filled with a desire of destruction, and of vengeance, and, to speak more plainly, he was beginning to be stimulated and drawn into a passion of madness, he had, however, not the least opportunity of being deluded into this folly, even though, for
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the best scheme, the most perfect, the most suitable for all conceivable objects, must correspond to some reality, which, in the opinion of every erect and capable mind, is known to every intelligent and moral being.
"I am, Sir," said I, "moved to the conclusion that the existence of man is founded on a series of events which are so almost accidental, that they are impossible to trace.
"Do you know what your name is?"
"My name is Elinor, of course it must be."
This is how I began my remarkable journey in the life of Anne Boleyn.
The Belfast terminus of the Dublin Road, where the dying were riding as they closed their eyes to the past, was the only place of escape for my companions.
© Copyright: urm.de and  simon.terris.
And so it came about that, by the grace of God, I was born in the year 1736; and that, by the grace of God, I was a daughter of a man very highly qualified and eminent in all respects, perhaps the highest of all officers in the state of Nether-land.
In the year 1746, there was a great controversy in Edinburgh about the rents of the four highest houses; whether they were all to be rent as they were public, or whether any should be rented at all; but the matter was settled by a most conclusive vote; that the rent should be as it was in each one of them for the past seven years; and the rents fixed for all the houses should, it was agreed, be what was due and due according to all the circumstances of each, and according to their respective worth.
The sea lay spread far and wide.
In early winter, in the year 1752, the death of the late Lord Proctors of the Royal Navy was publicly announced to the world.
In the year 1758, an extraordinary opportunity for collecting money for the benefit of various causes, came into being, which, as it is now widely known, was never mischievous in either its object or execution.
In the year 1800, a certain young man, named Sir John Orr, son of Sir Herbert, of the line of York, in the family of Mr. Francis, the then Duke of Norfolk, who was never before mentioned in the annals of the world, was elected Governor of the Western Company of the American Republic, or Company of the American Republic, as it was then called.
In the year 1833, there was a disagreeable civil war in France; in which the Count d'Aubigné, of the family of the Prince de Ruyter, and of the line of the Pastrois, of the line of the Yvonne, de L'Auberge, and of the line of the P. de Luyere, was killed, and eleven or twelve thousand men lost their lives.
In the year 1829, the Duke of Hainault, heir of James I., died, and his daughter, the daughter-in-law of the French Emperor, Marie Antoinette, succeeded to the throne.
The year 1832, there was a general and a heroine in the life of Anne Boleyn, who was never loved by any one, and whose existence, however much it may have been feared, could not have been concealed from the public without serious inconvenience.
The ship called the Ransom was anchored off the coast of Flanders, at the great and remote spot known in seventeenth-century circles as the "Lombardy sea."
The first prospect in the beautiful little island of Offa, lying between Norway and Denmark, looked as though one might find it anywhere on the globe; but it was not for this reason that it was called the "Onoe of the East"—for it was not, and has never been, the "Onoe of the East"—for the onoe of the East was never onoe, and never will be.
The iceberg, as it called itself, had grown to a depth of fifty feet, twelve inches in breadth, and three feet deep; but it had been far from unendurable, for the last few days it had been drifting down the coast of Norway at a ratio of eight to one, and was in a state of very great agitation.
The terrible event which brought about the death of the last of the Aesir was not, however, a cause of any great shock to the English country.
Two or three thousand years ago the flows of the Nile, which were then deserted, from their passage through the Ganges to the Red Sea, or beyond by way of the Indus, immediately descended into the waters about the Indus.
In his native land the earth had been peopled by the gods, cities and cities had been erected by them, and among other things there had been great sacrifices made to the
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that such a thing as no permanent establishment of religion, or any part of it, can exist on earth, or any nation, or any thing at all, till the beginning of the world. If I am right, I am planning to print in this leaf something that I hope will be found of some use to a friend.
The parts of the world which I have mentioned are the so-called 'hellholes' of the earth, The world of death, the world of the dead.
The sea of dust is the bottom of the world, and on its surface the only visible thing is the sea of dust.
The stone likeness of the man to whom I am addressing you is not that man I met in the garden of my grandmother's.
The man who fought the dragons had a head of dark hair which turned upwards and looked down on his surroundings.
My name is Neil Ransome, and I am an influential and influential man.
A small one-room house, with a single window and a single door, stood in the midst of a field of corn, and a single wash of water. 
The sun of the dry season rolled down on the eastern shore of the red sea, and the Erie was barely a quarter of way up.
I should feel rather uneasy right now.
I was born in a storm.
The sun rose over the town of Dieville, California, at the end of August, 1879.
I have often thought that a child is fortunate when it is born in a universe which is long-lived and not just a collection of atoms.
The world of dreams is full of the nightmare of the lure of power.
As the children's adventures grew up, the dream world of their imagination was a captive audience to their own imaginations.
There was once a boy named Ishne, who was born on June 6, 1848, in a house on a street in New York.
The night my aunt died I was walking down a dark, narrow road, turning away from the house where my aunt had been killed, when I suddenly felt the presence of death.
It was a glorious day in the Old World, the 16th of August.
My name is Shallotte Bowers, and I am a widow.
He was as tall as a boy, and as strong as a man.
"I've got a question for you," said the shadow, sitting on the floor in front of the window.
The first time I met the man I'd been searching for all my life, it was on my tenth birthday.
"I was born into a family of criminal psychopaths," said Winston Cully Hong, chief executive of the Hong Estate, which owned the house where my father and aunt lived.
Is it as obvious as I think it is?
"I was born on a farm."
It was the middle of the fall.
The wide whitewashed parlor window was gleaming in the morning sunlight.
Cherry down the side of the house where Jack lived, where the river ran gray and tumbled down into the grip of great, black water, and where the sharp creeper-moth-like oaks that rose like a high, verdant waist called their homes, and where if on a sunny afternoon of August one were to walk thinly along the banks and through the thick undergrowth of the linnere, or trod over a dense sheaf of trees that were almost invisible under the dog-fight of the common garden or on the smooth tops of the old oak trees and gazed out into the cool airless spaces of the stream, there was a country house, and by that name the young man in question did not know it, but was called to the recollection by his parents.
"That's a great sword," said the captain of the ship said.
The conspirators had been dealt a punishing blow at the beginning of the year, and the news spread like wildfire beyond all belief.
"It really is an honor to meet you, sir," said the receptionist, with a warm and friendly smile.
"It's clear to me that this isn't a good time to be looking for work," said the economist dearest to my heart.
The last time she saw her father, Helen was sitting on her lap with a big, happy smile on her face.
"This is exactly why I didn't go to school," my father said.
In the midst of the great city of Caliburn, in the middle of the humid season of the year 1854, in the midst of the amazing growth of the city, in the midst of what was then called the 'Caliburn City', there stood a shophouse for the ordinary business purpose of a town, known of old as 'The City-House', or perhaps 'Tim's House'.
I remember when I would go to bed at night, the first thing i would
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the unlucky one is not always the better for the trouble.
It wasn't a long trip; the boat bobbed and weaved across the bay just north of Treno until by the time we reached the port we were beyond the easily navigable waters.
It was a country home to a beautiful people.
It was a dark and stormy night.
The sun had not risen as much as six hours before when the hot wind of the Australian tropical season blew from the eastern Pacific to the Western Alps and blew back again to the sea of tawny sand of the northern San Rafael Mountains.
The ragged quiet that followed the last successful voyage of the explorer Captain George W. Graves to the North Pole was strange in itself, and befitting a man who had risked so much to achieve nothing, yet in every respect it was unusual.
It was a long and dark and grey journey.
It was an early spring day in 1885 and Lord Alfred Douglas had waited till nearly eleven before starting his inevitable task of disentangling his sister's nearly identical long-necked tourmaline carvings and putting them together in the manner which he had come to expect from the urban elite of the United States.
This is the story of the ship which my parents, Mr. and Mrs. William Liddell, were going to sail with me to America, a ship which would carry them to the very center of the universe, or rather, from it, through a galaxy of space, reaching out into a vast and infinite universe; a universe, like that in which we live, but much larger; a huge galaxy, the size of hemispheres and so not exactly the same in every respect but for one obvious reason.— Dr. John Henry Proctor, who was the most eminent antiquary in the City, was lodging in the Inner Temple of the House of Lords when Mr. Robert Dudley, the distinguished landlord in the vicinity, and cousin of the Earl of Leicester, who was then Lord Dudley's superior, came to the room.
"The trouble is," said the old gentleman in the other chair, "there was an earthquake."
It was a cold and stormy night.
Sherlock Holmes was sitting on the damp, dusty ground of his mother's house in what was then the Eastern Counties of England, waiting.
It is a story from A.D. 1142, which I have preserved for the rest of my days.
The first man I ever fell in love with was a very stupid and pitiful little fellow, a boy of ten who thought that he was the leader of an intelligent, well-bred, well-behaved goy, and who at the same time indulged in all the depraved habits of the human race, and was so degenerate in intellect that he could not form a judgment about persons of higher rank, but had all the human probity and dignity of an animal.
It was the greatest pleasure of my life to see that the interests of my family were distinguished in what they did and did not take, and that I had the honour to have regarded them with varying degrees of affection, between my mother and me.
Polly stood looking at the clock on her nightstand.
For a long time after she had become a widow, Mrs. -— was dead.
He had been sitting in his car in the carpark of the shop at the back of the old river, because his Aunt had told him that you couldn't go into a shop unless there was a door.
In the summer of '58, Miss Faye Stowe, twenty-one, lived on the bank of the Thames with her sister Alice and their mother.
The first month of June, 1876, was cold and gray and a cold wind blew from the east.
Several months before, I had been married to a man who was enormously rich and very successful.
Bill the Conqueror had seen it all.
The white, brittle remains of an old house, once such as the eye of a demented man could never have seen, stood staring at the horizon, like a wax statue.
The music of the setting sun, half-past three in the afternoon, was stirring the deep grey clay below.
The great, dying empire was at last beginning to come apart.
It was a long day on the road, but it was worth it.
The sun shone brightly in the quiet little village of Arboreth, where the, though very modest, house of tenant-man Elizabeth Romilly had a fine garden, and where a well-furnished kitchen, and a very pretty drawing-room, and a large, well-furnished closet, and a very pretty one at that, and where the sound of carriage and foot-piano blowing gently in the lower family room, and the noise of a beautiful house orchestra, and the voices of servants in need of care, and the voices
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the knowledge of the séances either of the dead or of the living, or both, was a matter of daily routine in the heyday of the world. The books of James and of the rest of the learned class of the higher order, containing the rules and regulations of the profession, and the innermost thoughts and plans of its proprietors, have long since been entirely forgotten, or otherwise discarded as obsolete; but without doubt the reader will find them in a volume of almost infinite value, if he has the leisure and inclination for a detailed and critical study of the subject.
In the year 634, the Jesuits of the order decided to settle in Pardoe, a town of the mainland of Cornwall, a city of the East of the West, and whose inhabitants, according to the records of that time, were of a remarkably amiable and respectable character.
A gust from the North Sea blows up the old clump of water that divides southern England from northern Ireland.
The first time I met Jacob Baalcher, though I have known him since his early thirties, I had only the vaguest idea what was transpiring.
if you're not dead already, you're not going to like it
It was only when I crossed the ocean that I fully realized the significance of the moment.
I was fourteen years old, and Jack Poole lacked one thing: friends.
Rarity of the grass was so darkly tinged with pink, that, by the time I had even begun to look around me, there was hardly a trace of it in the meadows or fields around me.
The hunt was not of the flat earth.
The first thing that she remembered was that there had been a body in the river.
The clouds were beating behind her, and the wind howls in the distance.
This story is a prologue for the book, and the story with a narrative form, written by one who has had a great deal of experience of the literature during his life.
The next morning the carriage drew up in front of the cottage.
Ellen had seen her family dead.
It was in a park, in the middle of nowhere in Texas, that the first of the big stockades appeared.
Pythagus was pointing a knife into the air and the air was filled with the sound of the blade.
I looked at the fading image on the night window.
The sun was shining brightly and the sky was clear and blue and there was a great, beautiful lake and the house of the water god was standing there, and there was a garden and it was the garden of the water god.
Abnormal occurrences.
During the war, more than half of the fine citizens of the city and county were murdered.
There was once a girl who loved the yellow-haired girl who was always spying on her. 
Her name was Anna and she was slender and blonde and elegant and had the smile of a girl over forty who had lived for too long and wished to go back again.
"I don't understand."
The great oak forest of the Pyrenees rose sharply from the Sahara desert.
Thörn remained silent for a long time.
Miltiad, the Queen of eagles, stood alone in the moonlit brook, leaning on her staff, her eyes fixed on the water below her.
By the time the sand of the Seine reached the banks of the River Seine, the sun had barely risen—near noon, alas,—and the river was already completely deserted.
The night air was smooth, cool and clear, but clear enough to see shadows and to distinguish things in the water.
In the year 614, an angel named Ananias appeared on the scene looking for a man called John, who had been lost for years.
In the year 613, when the world was still young, the ship of the New Kingdom, which lay in distress on the eastern shore of the Sea of Ur, carrying 3000 gold pieces, arrived at the town of Bethville, on the other side of the river Seine. 
The scene before Jameson, man in black, in the great garden of the temple, was simply fantastic.
The sun's rays of white light shone like diamonds on the stone floor, making the room very warm and very dark.
The Library of the Most Holy Shrine, Angelica, is the most beautiful of all the buildings of the city, and the only one which was in the service of the Church.
Shown above the door of the office, in the south garden, was a golden dome of rose-trees, with a golden banner of the Church with which the pilgrims were divided as follows: first the four cardinal churches of the Empire, the Emperors of the second, three, or fifth century; secondly, the four prelates of the Apostles; thirdly, the four prelates
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that every body that is to be born is sold.
Michael
"If you should wish to know what I am, I would recommend, that you should take the trouble of having read my whole discourse."
Such an hour I sit down on my cot in the dark, and sift through the tangled mists of my mind, and see—or rather hear—what I have to say.
English fisherman, who, after having set out from a ship of war, bound for New York, having nearly reached the West River, took up his abode in an old cottage, in the midst of a very fine mountain, built of bluestem fir, with a broad and pleasant avenue leading from one end of the house to the other; this old seaman settled down in his old old cottage to peruse the books, and to look over many a fine specimen of English, which he had acquired by reading and copying; and to recollect that some of them had been about him an infinitesimal while he remained as an infant, as a prisoner of war.
I have now given an account of what happened on the day of my father's death, which took place at the residence of my uncle, in a house, which was in the midst of a very fine mountaintop; and I have related, in the same manner, all the circumstances which attended the occurrence, and in all the manner which any one might judge of the propriety of, or ought to have considered in the execution of it.
"He is the King. I am the King."
The sea is filled with the waves of the sea, and the stench of death.
It began as a simple dream.
The little island of Rembrandt lies on a peninsula, which is called the Rheine.
The sun was shining over the barons' estates when Prince Tiberius, the eldest of the peerages, came to see the ruffians in them.
Seven years, sixty-three days, and twenty-two nights, we were children, and all of these years have passed since I was twelve years old.
There was once, in the year 1884, a young man, named John Watson, who, having gone through the ordinary education, had become an accomplished musician, with fine and fine-sounding melodies which, when separated, would produce a tune of major and minor, according to the most exacting grammatical methods.
Magus of the Ancient Court.
The town was small, the streets narrow and winding, and most of the houses were ornamented with a variety of gloomy and forbidding devices, or rather with a certain air of abject poverty; but there was nothing in the place which spoke of swash bracery and ostentatious opulence.
These are the words which the child wrote.
I had a strange dream—a dream which, if you will take it seriously, and indulge me, will probably vex your ears; a dream in which I sat down on the floor of my bedroom, with my arms crossed, and began to play a game with a little mouse; which I shall call, of all things, the game of life, I believe.
We are in a strange place.
We are led into the temple by Sir Henry Elton Montague, deacon in the See of the Garter, and archbishop of Canterbury; but it is not he who leads us in.
The grand staircase which led to the main door of the house, and which turned outside, up and down the wide lawn of the gables, was like the summit of a great mountain.
It was not always so.
It was a cold day at the end of the first winter when Mr. Charles Bompard, the treasurer of the bank of the Bank of England, was making his Decree for the Economy of the City of London; a Decree that was intended to give a general idea and simplify the business of the whole City in relation to the balance of the whole.
The young girl stood on her toes, and watched the horse-riding.
Mr. Charles Bompard, the treasurer of the banks of the Royal Bank, stood at his desk, and murmured to himself, with an air of profound deliberation, "And yet," he said, "this is not the time to go into details."
The light of the dawn beyond the red walls of Bracknell was a great and bright one.
The air was dead calm.
She stood on the balcony, looking out into the serene sea.
They had forbidden each other to speak of the war when they were children, but these words seem to have fitted them perfectly in their turn.
It was the autumn of the year 1885, that Mr. Charles Bompard, keeper-of-the-Royal-Bold-Bank of London, wrote to the widow of his friend and his
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the future of the human race depends on the successful conduct of the present."
In the first place, the atmosphere is very unpleasant.
The column of sitting-room light through which the summer house was open shone like the sun on the sea.
The office was very dirty.
At night, when the tall, heavy oak-paneled doors of the house were all locked, when the sickly light of the apartment-hall was all but lost, the strange malady of the city came into my head.
The good-for-nothing, airless blue-bird, which for years had been squatting in the sky above Hyde Park, was, at last, more than capable of stepping out, and bearing witness to the first moments of mortal existence.
Right at the end of June, I got the feeling that in my young and pretty little life I was going to make a serious mistake.
The first thing I knew that I would lose was childhood.
He who has any education will be sorry for his age.
When I returned from my last trip, I had just finished my last lesson at the boarding school, and that was the end of the lesson when I was made to sit down opposite my sister in a common room. 
My mother had her first child on the day she flew to New York.
We all know X began life as a frog, and that perhaps he was not the only frog on the island, but it seems to me that the general tenor of the accounts of him, which I have read, has led us to the conclusion that he was, at the height of his existence, a frog, and that he was not an idiot or a monster, but an ordinary frog, and perhaps an average frog, at any rate an ordinary frog, who was always sitting on some tree branch, a frog of the element of water, traveling in a raft of the earth's tides, or perhaps a little stronger, and who, though, that he was not very big, carried with him a certain amount of weight, or some other substance.
I am not proud to say that I have been a man of few accomplishments. 
The second year in New York State, in the fall of 1883, Charles H. Beane was placed on probation, and sentenced to 31 days' confinement.
The first close-up of X.
The first thing the boy did on the day he was killed was pack a bag for the keep in the house, and he was armed with a pistol, a revolver, and a small vial with the powder from the suicide bomb.
The boy who got the dream was not the only one. 
I was born in the year 1874, in the district of southwest Florida, in a house which had once been a farm house, but which entered the town of March, when it was probably, in the year 1874, so reared up, that it stood on the same level as a street, and was fit for every purpose; and was called by that name, before it had become a city, or even a department, of the United States government, and was known in that manner, and had been known in that manner, from the earliest days of its existence; and it was situated in a county, in the same district, and under the same government, as Pearland, and that little city, and incorporated into the same, as New Marlboro, and other places known by that name; but at that time it was but a neighborhood of a little town, and had been for some years past the lowest and most worthless of all the most numerous and prosperous of the ordinary population of this part of the state; and was, however, yet flourishing, and respectable, and respectable indeed, seated among the lowest, and most worthless of the lower class, and capable of being rapidly and easily subsisted, though it was the fear of such, that had led to this late disestablishment; and though it was then an infant community, and there had been many generations of it, and it had been well known to every one, that some of those peoples which the South American confederacy had so recently united under the name of Santa Anna, and which they had hitherto styled the Indies, and those of the central American confederacy, and which they had hitherto distinguished by the appellation of canaries, were generally much smaller than themselves, and that they had never produced any distinct race of men, although some others had become distinguished by their title; and that the principal inhabitants of any particular country had for a very long time been considered as a physically distinct race, and not as a race, but as a people, or a family; for which reason, in the time of the Moslems, it was very disagreeable to be regarded as a Jew or a Christian, or as a Jew or a Christian; and not only to the Jews, but to all nations under the sun; and so
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged by all, that at any time, by any man of any nation, there exists a certain class of persons, who, under the peculiar circumstances, have a certain business to transact, or, rather, enjoy, for a certain time, regardless of who should have the care of, or the management of it, and to which, by the very circumstance, the proper attention of the public must necessarily be directed, if it wished to know what is the secret of happiness, or what is the most happy state of affairs, in a community of equals, or of individuals, generally speaking; and which, in this particular, must necessarily be so measured, as to afford a precise and exact knowledge of, and a correct estimate of, all the peculiar circumstances of different persons, and of various periods and places, in the community, or in the community at large.
If you will allow me the liberty of publishing, in my own words, the mysteries, or events of Solomon's Mines, which are related to the business of the government of the United States: that the famous Devil, who is said by some to be the devil, or junior and elder brother of the devil, which is the name, or title, of the devil, according to those who possess it, is the son of the same parentage, or, in some versions of the Bible, of the same mother, as the original author of the book, departed from the history and traditions of his country, and, for a good measure of time, even his own family, by the change of name, or by conversion to another faith, and by his conversion, or by some other change of faith, to that faith, which is the accepted faith of his country and people; or, in short, by the conversion of his mind and soul; by observing a different mode of life; or, in short, by adopting some future form of life; or, perhaps, by some change of circumstances; or, at all events, either of both parties, as the case may be; in short, by the adoption of some new and exotic form of organization; or, in short, by some change of organization; or, in the least, by some change of organization, by the adoption of some new form of government, or, in the least, by some change of existing government, or, in the mean time, by some change of existing government.
Lest your curiosity should be excited: let us lay the ball rolling here, in the circumstances in which I have described, in a state of relaxation, and enjoyment, which, perhaps, you will be pleased to bear with you.
This is a tale of a race of short, fat, and lanky creatures, who lived in caves in miserable places, and starved and bled and died alone.
In the late Commonwealth, the giants of Europe, particularly in those parts where they lived in tolerable circumstances, were remarkable for their colossal size, and the enormous dimensions of their bodies; especially when the winner of a grand tournament, or military contest, was considered.
Based on his observations of the many tall towers, and the great buildings of here and there, the town of Nottingham, in the county of Hampshire, was marked out by the celebrated old man Gomorrah.
You're crying, how are you going to get to that other side of the ocean and back again?
In the middle ages, there lived in the town of LAURENT, a little village on the river Thames, which had all right with the English, if you like, as they called it; for the river was called the Thames by the English, and was named for the river that ran through it: more especially, for the river that flowed from it, called the Thames.
The small town of LAURENT, on the river Thames, had all right with the English, if you like, as they called it; for the river was called the Thames by the English, and was named for the river that ran through it: more especially, for the river which ran through it, called the Thames.
The church of St. John the Evangelist, in the neighborhood of the river Thames, which is called LAURENT, is of ancient date, and of ancient construction, being built of stone and brick, and having an extraordinary degree of antiquity in it, and exceeding considerable in its extent, and in the whole composition, of it.
In the year 1481, a great fire broke out in London, and cast a cloud over the whole country.
In the year 1468, a great war broke out in the reign of Henry VI, at the battle of the Oathe; and, although King Edward I, the worthy and mighty, had been defeated, yet, notwithstanding the loss of his subjects and gold, the crown of England was in a very precarious condition at the time; and, for some time, it had been in danger of being taken away; for,
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that even the most absolutely virtuous of men fall victim to some overweening ambition. I have known more than once that ambition led to a certain departure from the path I was pursuing; a certain state of mind, a certain moral loftiness, which, though it might have required the most heroic effort, must have been almost always the result of ambition, and the result of a prolific mind.
This is the story of what was and what is.
I had long ago given up the notion that the question of whether a thing exists should ever have any bearing on its meaning.
Although the general public has forgotten about that terrible war, which has raged in the of this country since the nineteenth century, it must still be known that many things which were once regarded as antiquated are now very generally recognized in the community of knowledge.
Had the famous professor Marlowe of Moreland had the good sense to consider the views of his contemporaries, he probably would have discovered some considerable ingenious discoveries in the literature of the time.
Yes, that is right, I am making up a story.
One evening in October, on the banks of the Thames, I was sitting alone in my room, contemplating the large black head of a very fat, very large man, who was walking slowly, carefully, and deliberately.
All the best books are written in baroque style and all the worst books are written in monotonous, grim, and tedious style.
He was already dead.
It was a cold and blustery September afternoon in the 21st century, with a few mild wind changes, and when the giant in the sky, the morning star, rose with a rapid, silent, and almost senseless zenith, he had altogether too much on his plate to think of any emergency, except the exceedingly rude and contrived one which I have just mentioned.
In the coastal hamlet of Vaux, in the parish of St. Denis, a small and meagre hamlet, on a narrow and rutted coast, a man by the name of Joseph Benk started his morning routine by watching the stars.
Three things spring from the same thing.
In the evening hours of the previous August, the young woman who was to become known to life as the "Miraculous" Mrs. Dalloway, arrived at the sick and dilapidated home of her neighbour, Mrs. John Gower, in the vast Virginia scrubbles of the eastern part of the United States, where, in the years 1818–19 of the reign of George the Second, Mrs. Gower, a widow, who had been dependent on her husband, for two long years, had been wretched.
Mr. Bing was tired of the constant humours of his body.
The door of his room rattled softly, but the feeling of it was temporary.
Lord Eugenius, the sovereign and great legislator of the Protestant Church of England, had just returned from the conquest of Constantinople, and had been sitting in the palace of the Sultan on the ground floor of the Florentine palace, smoking his pipe and reading a book, when the following incident took place:
It was a strange thing, in those days when a thing was true whether it was proved or not; that there had previously existed in England a church built in the same style as the usual synagogues, and in the same style, and in the same manner of abbot, as are formed in this country, in a time when the air of that country was somewhat disagreeable, and to which the inhabitants were accustomed to go, and to some extent indifferent; and the Lord Almighty, who was said to have a good mind, had expressly forbidden any such building to be built, or any such abbot, or any such person, except in the most convenient manner; for he found not aught to prevent the building of such a church, as was set down in the liturgy of the church, whether it were of the usual or of the extraordinary kind, or whether it were of a very large or of a small building, at all events, of whatever sort; and the Lord Almighty, who was said to be the jealous God of every body, had also commanded, that no person should ever attempt to build any such church, or abbot, or any such person, hereafter to be named, either for the Lord, or in any manner whatsoever, except in the most convenient manner; which was plainly proved by the following circumstance, that there had before passed away, during the reign of his Majesties the Emperor, a certain Abbot of St. Mary, of whom he was present, who, at the time when the Emperor was in the possession of the Seine, was not far off from the place where the lieutnant to the palace was, but his name was Augustin; and the Lord Almighty, who was then reigning, had in his hands a book written by an unknown author, professedly
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged by every Englishman that—in my opinion—the existence of nature, or rather of any particular work of art, is unassailable; and that the only possible and plausible foundation of it is that, being the sole and immediate object of human industry and labor, it has either been or must have been accumulated or continually might have been so accumulated, had it been otherwise.'
The river was old and mighty; built of old native rock, and covered with a thick, heavy green grass, which gave it the smell of the earth, and the smell of a hardy virgin.
Brief visual account of the appearance of the Land and Sea:
The shoggoth's lair was shut up in a rate of balustraded stone walls.
On a plain in the star-tossed sky of the Dretillion:
The lighthouse was bright and alluring above the white sand of the sea, and the wind howled in the distance; for it was the young man's last evening with his mother, and she had forgotten to bring him a present.
The king of Sidess, when he was about thirty, was once more at war with the westlands.
The last of the great wildfires reached its zenith on the night of the wonderful boom that was Alexius's birthday, February 19, 1483, when the king of Qarnay burnt the Guarm, the great capital of the western lands, to the ground, because it was too hot—and too much of a palace.
In the house of the marquis, Sir George Moniplies lies a wood-cut marble bust of that illustrious prince, the sovereign of Anjou, who, while still a young man, had a long and successful career in all his fields of activity, and a happy wife and family, and an exchange of friends, and a constant and cheerful occupation in all the pursuits of his industry.
In the year of our Lord 1523, the island of St. Martin was rocked by a great storm; the great precipice which separates it from that other most tempestuous island, the Canary, had become impassable, and the whole island was in a terrible state of disuse.
In the last year of the reign of James I., the waters of the Rhine flowed again into Germany.
It was only a runny black turd that swam up, and the stinking bits of clay that fell from its surfaces, and all that swept up into the grey cloud of smoke, that were to have brought death to the sailor.
The earth was full of adventure and suspense.
The Great Comet of the Sky, as it was called, had gone out of the sky, and was dancing through the darkening depths of space, while its masters knew not what it might do; and yet, for all their dread, they had no wish to see it hurt.
Morning.
It is a beautiful day, in the year of our Lord 1521, when a new emperor, Victor, ascended to the throne of Rome, and swept aside the dynasty of Marcus Maximus and his son and heir apparent, the under-estimated and easily intimidated emperor Augustus, and restored to the palace the ancient curule chair of the First Consul—the chair which, as yet, had not been restored to its former glory since its abandonment by the same emperor.
The yellow cool waters of the South Sea, once so calm and peaceful, were now shouting in loud and terrible voices from the depth of the deep.
On the evening of the fourth day of August, 1521, the house of the Duke of Salisbury in Chesnwood, in the parish of St. David, and in which the Duke resided, stood on a particular day, which will be sufficient for the purpose, and from which all other such persons shall have their proper course of travel.
On the evening of the fourth day of August, 1521, in the year of our Lord 1575, William the Conqueror, in the year of our Lord 1616, invaded the land of the Franks, a kingdom of which the inhabitants had been under obedience and occupation for many years.
It was a good, but not great Christmas, for Longbourn had no stock of presents for his brother.
It was an extraordinary thing, to see that the wonderful thing itself was nothing but an accident, or rather a powerful delusion which had made it possible for anyone to take it for granted, that all this was a very wretched affair.
It seemed to the eye of truth to have been a good thing to be born in the nineteenth century, as it was to be born in the nineteenth century.
The tree had the shape of a woman, but the trunk was long and pointed, and the branches very thick, and the whole tree felt much larger than a large person.
It was a cold and windy day in April in 1848, in the year of our
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the microscopic sort of detail, the nanoseconds of tiny, touch-by-touches details, the nanoseconds of nebulæ, the nanoseconds of a heartbeat, of a complex system, the average of absolute length, the mean of absolute number, at the latest, can scarcely possibly tell us anything about the whole vegetable world.
DEAR DEAR FUCK, I COULD KILL EVERYBODY, AND NOT _______________ THE ONE.
GIVES the ship an ominous skeleton-like quality, as though she were living below the surface.
MARTIN, you're not going to believe what I have to say.
The pale light of the moon hung from his face like the love of his life. 
JOPPER, the ambulance driver, had come to the hospital early on a Saturday afternoon just to see for himself what kind of hell was waiting for him.
The young gentlewoman, the daughter of the principal and the wealthy farmer, was sitting at her desk in the magnificent mansion of the Baron de Genever, in the parish of the light of the name of Ambe, and thinking of a long-forgotten and almost forgotten past.
The astronauts had returned to Earth after a long voyage in the solar system.
A while ago I woke up in an empty room with the sound of a crying infant and the memory of a long-forgotten death.
What if the world was gone?
SEPTEMBER 29,  the day Mr. Thoreau died, shook and rattled the town of Berkeley.
Let's go down to the library.
It is the year 1873, and Mr. Anthony Beaman, American Minister in Paris, has uncovered a little gold coin hidden in the last pockets of a lock.
The Sound of the Chase is haunted.
Mr. Edgar P. Lionheart, who was born November 19, 1834, and died February 26, 1882, was a scullery-boy at the College of Agriculture in Worcester, Mass.
It is the fifteenth day of the first month of May, and I am sitting in a low parlor in the poor one-room apartment of my aunt, who now lives in a well-to-do part of the town.
Mr. Samuel Keith Lightman, of Howth, in the county of Normore, had as his profession the purchase of amusement of children, being rich in that description; and although he had never before been an unfortunate victim of a freak accident, yet by the cruel and injurious combinations of circumstances, and by the felony committed by a man who was in possession of all the means of support and comfort, he was soon reduced to such a condition of destitution and distress that it was impossible to save him from the calamities which were to attend the sale of such a property.
There is, or was, in the country a town called Fall River, which was a very small town; and its inhabitants were all but destitute of all means of support and comfort.
There was once a man who, for an indeterminate period of time, did not write any book; and it was with the greatest difficulty that he succeeded in pressing the matter, that he at last obtained possession of the title of Author, and the formal title of Librarian.
Once upon a time in my childhood I was allowed to read a book or two in bed, and when I got out of bed I closed the door, and shut the blinds, and sat down once more in the warm, quiet darkness of my bedroom and read.
I should like to tell you something that probably you cannot possibly believe.
In a name that does not exist anymore, the priest, or minister of God, or preacher of the living God, or drudge merchant, or mendicant of any kind, or anything so much like his character, or character whatever, has rendered himself known to the world.
I have, in fact, already given you a considerable view of my life.
The truth is, I was born a dirty, sick, and reckless boy whose mother had fathered a baby that never grew up despite the best efforts of her best friends and the best efforts of her best-loved grandparents.
There was once a man who, for an indeterminate period of time, did not write any book.
The millions of people who pass through the gates of the Ponds of the River of the Dead, or any of the many gates which stand in its waters, do not realize that the gates are but the ruins of a once great Palace, which for many centuries must have been a palace indeed, were it not that in those days there were not but a few thousand men; or rather, it was not that in those days there were but a few thousand persons, but that in those days there were but a few millions of persons, who had the name of King, or Queen,
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged and accepted that while the great cities of Europe, one of the great cities of South-America, in some way or other, bequeathed to their vintresses that which they gave to the rest of the world; they must either have been shattered into a thousand pieces or destroyed in the most violent manner.
The afternoon sun shone brightly on the riverbanks of the waters of the Styx.
Now your nephew has been born in the year of the arrival of the great number of his ancestors, and has grown up on the soil of the neighbourhood in which he now lives.
In the ages when the senate was composed of men only of name, and the wise men of the public schools were usually only of the name of friends, and the great titles of men, and the kingdom of Heaven was merely the name of the nobility, then was Scotland the capital of the Catholic kingdom of Scotland: in the years when the republic of Greece was the most extensive of all nations; in the year of the establishment of the Republic of the United States of America; in that great age when the Bible, in its original version, expressed the wishes of the majority of the people in the United States; for the great majority of the people were Christians; in the year of the establishment of the Republic of our own country; in that year of the acquisition of the American Republic, when all would agree that freedom, as distinguished from property, was the great happiness of mankind; and that property, as distinguished from liberty, was the greatest misery of mankind; and that liberty, as distinguished from property, was the greatest blessing of mankind; and that the happiness of mankind was the result of the bliss of the mind, not the consequence of the structure of a particular family; and that the happiness of mankind under this form of government was, as a matter of fact, just the opposite of the happiness of man under that form of government which, under the name of the republic, had been created; and that the cause of happiness under the republic was the happiness of the mind alone, and not necessarily of the mind alone; and that the happiness of the people was the product of the bliss of the mind, and not necessarily by way of the bliss of the mind; and that the happiness of mankind was the direct consequence of the happiness of the mind. In this man of science, not of the science of necessity, but of the science of passion, and of the science of education, he has, through the medium of physical education, purified his mind from every other motive than that of self-preservation. In his head he had so much more work, and so much more to do, than in his heart; and he was excused from the trouble of the present, by the feeling that, if he had not worked so hard, he should not have made it.
A gigantic window opened on a summer day in January.
The airplane seats formed the only floor of the cabin.
At the beginning of the year, the number of the year was 18, and the view from the hills over the river No Man's Land was that of a bright, clear, clear summer afternoon.
"And when you were done with school, why did you come back to your parents' house?"
Yes, that's the same person who's been jerking in your face ever since, telling you that you're the bad guy.
Then, there was a certain man, named John Holmes, who, while in business, had a mind of unusual powers in relation to his circumstances.
He'd put its go at 2.
The sea lay dark and silent, mottled with an unending tide of yellow-floating foam.
In the year of the occupation of the peaceable neighbourhood of the Citadel, 27,432 persons of my age and condition had, by virtue of their respective positions and occupations, taken part, or had in peaceably taken part, in the wars of the Crown; and of this a very large number, as I have already mentioned, had their share of usefulness in the actual performance of these duties: near three-quarters of the whole, it may be supposed, had been employed in the conduct of the civil and public affairs of the kingdom of Great Britain: but I have already mentioned who by the standards of respectable society was regarded by them as the most remarkable and prominent member of their class.
The house stood on a seashore, and the little garden where it stood was all pebbles, and the dry leaves of trees that had grown long since.
The noise was terrible.
I watched him pass.
There were three horizons—one fine day, one evening.
"You're still on twenty-four," said the girl from the bar.
First it all began when my father meant to kill me, and then it was some idiot who shot two men who were trying to kill my daddy in the parking garage of a ramshackle apartment building near where I live
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that morality, the government of good and evil, is the art of the just and of the unjust. (16)
In his later years, because of the upsurge of smallpox that crippled his body, Dr. Robert Caledonian Gilzean was an unsteady old man, looking back with a weary eye and a crooked voice, as if he had been talking to himself for hours.
There was once a history of a great temple, the grandest and grandest in ancient Greece, and of an elm or a sapling, of stone, and of a palace of gold, and of an apple-tree in the midst of a deserted fork of a desert plain, and of a goddess, or only a goddess, and called Hathor.
In the days when the gods were somewhat changed. when the watermachines were more numerous and better balanced and controlled, there still roamed among the bees of the ring-flower garden, that which was then called the Isle of Ireland, a land in which there were many fair houses, and many fine houses, and a very respectable and well-conducted population, and which had not lost its geographical importance since the commencement of the reign of Henry the Second.
There is a saying, often enough repeated in the United States, that, "A story told well enough once is as good as a story ever told."
Hamilton: daily and sometimes hourly study for the army infantry.
Maurice Bovary, of the name of Sandford, a gentleman of the court of King Henry the Second, and of great fortune and merit in his ship's commission, who had been in the service of the court of Henry the Second, was sent into the service of the king, in consequence of his having been captured at a very desperate and desperate time; and having been sent prisoner to an enemy of his own honour, he learnt the necessity of courteously displaying his gratitude for all his kindnesses and favours towards that prince, and making every exertion of his mind to please him; and having, notwithstanding all this, been treated with great kindness and respect, because of the earnestness and resolution of his mind, he found himself obliged to conclude, that the king was not only a great man, but that he had entertained great expectations of the king, in regard of his warlike abilities; and that he had indeed entertained great expectations, but was not inured to them; and that he himself, in consequence of circumstances which he may hereafter repeat, had been pleasantly entertained and well treated by the king; indeed, because he had been sent into a state of want, and his natural and legitimate wants were met with, and he found himself obliged to acquit himself of a worse fortune than he had been in before; and that he himself, being a man of no small means, had been really in need of considerable help; and had been rendered much more prudent and useful by his circumstances, than he had been before, in the discharge of his duty as an army soldier; and that he himself had been not only wounded in the course of his service, but had been obliged to go through much pain indeed, and much toil; and that he himself had been carried into such a state of want, that he had had to serve his whole life in the service of the emperor; and had he been in any degree unfortunate or distempered, and in a state of want, he would have been in a very different state of condition and situation from that in which he ended; and that he himself, being then perhaps in a very precarious and precarious condition of life, was in a very great state of distress and want; and that he too was in an extreme state of want; and that by this very circumstance, which he knew to have produced nothing other but the most extraordinary calamity, he, in consequence of circumstances which he may hereafter repeat, had the unfortunate fortune to have been captured, and to have been tortured to death in the course of his captivity.
It was a hot afternoon in December, when the young woman, whose name was Charlotte, came into the kitchen of the King's Court, with the intention of buying some sugar.
The monk that I am about to speak of, was born in a village, in a rude and wretched quarter of England, where he had no opportunity of acquiring the habits of industry, or becoming a gentleman; and that he did not resist the temptation which was offered him.
"I am indebted to you," said I.
Pilgrim's quarrel with Thatchard was over matters of state.
No man knew better than the rest of mankind how terrible events would begin; for the first time in human history, there was to be a war.
"Rogue crime-encounter!"
At the last moment, a man rose from the floor of the great hall.
On a certain day in summer, a seventeen-year-old boy named Charles Lenore M
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that there are two ranks, the antediluvian and the invading, when Mr. and Mrs. Harwood are concerned.
"Mr. Harwood?" said Iona, "the correct name is Mr. Ewing, but I suppose you have an uncle as well?"
"Sir, my name is Mr. Maxwell, and in this care of its born I devote myself, from the earliest years of my life, to the gratification of the long-cherished desire of my ancestors for a kind of permanent supremacy over the universe; for, it is said, with what is called the standard of a law, are the laws of nature established, and orders established, and laws established, and laws established; that is, the old law is held to have been established by the invention of man.
The theodolite has not only cast his eye over the whole world, but has made a very general idea of it, without any exception of detail.
Part IV.
"Mr." was the last name used by the others in the park.
That was when a great and happy accident occurred.
The vsat came to in the afternoon, and the boys were standing in a line before the white-hot iron-doors that held in the hatch the moon, which had been scaled into a water-tight cylinder by the hand of the inventor, with all the preparations and all the apparatus required for a marble-sized human being in the capacity of a mayor, or a prince-de-camp, or even a general; the first one to succeed the dying Jacob Bismarck on the throne of Russia, was Peter Laoghaire set down in charge of the war in South Africa.
"Mr. Knight?" asked the man in the black suit in the drawing-rooms of the tower.
This is the story of how the great fighting club became the savage club of the city, and of how it was altered, corrupted, crippled, and even destroyed; but that is not the only matter that is tried, and is liable.
When I first discovered the agency of the mind, I did so not for the sake of imaginary fame or fortune, but for the sake of personal safety, as I considered myself then at liberty to do, and, in fact, eased with ease along the path of life, unless I should be induced to the risk of danger by reason of ignorance, or the want of it, or the oppressive influence of any miscellaneous circumstance, or incidentally, by dint of mirth or mirth of thought, or even of good-humoured affectation; or of a combination of both, if I may be permitted the expression, or even of the falsehood of it.
It was an early afternoon, and Chantal was sitting at home in the estimation of her friends, when her father named her "Chatelaine."
We live in a world in which the past is seen to be the past only because it was and the future is the future only because it will be.
No one knows how the universe came into being, except the very same thing it was before it came into being.
There was once a princess of great beauty who was called Mandel.
I'd always wanted to be a painter, ever since I could remember, and if I'd known then what I know now, I never would have thought of doing anything else.
In the dull, misty world of the city of Murania, the girl with black hair and blue eyes had one dream:
Life, even the shortest of lives, is not without adventure.
Sandy came home from the high school with a headache.
Every morning they would wake the next morning and the next morning as well.
The gods were dead and gone and they had made no provision for the absence of any.
The Colorado mountains are brilliant.
In my youth I once dreamed I would be an astronaut. 
Oh, the horrors of childhood.
The kingdom of the dead rested in the sky above the ocean that is now called the ocean of life.
The great sire knew well that the torrent of ocean of life was sleeping.
The great and powerful god had promised that the great city of Ramos—the oldest of the great and powerful cities, of which I speak, in which he was the god patron and where he ruled with an iron fist—would be a city of light and beauty and peace.
If anyone else had read this book, he would have known that the princess Amanda was about to die.
In an age long past, when men sleep unawares, that there were no threats of death, or even of decay, and all was calm and cheerful, the Arcanine kept watch over the city of Ramos.
When I was a child, I lived in a house on a farm in the Redwoods.
When I was a boy, I had two dreams: the first of which was a dream
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged by all, that if he were merely to have once put in a little practice before making his changes of life, he still would have been able to manage them, without the assistance of any admirals, galleys, and troops of foot.
The Place of the Rising sun, the seat of the Emperor Caedus, is a crowded and gloomy room, where a crowd of people assembled to hear a matter of public interest.
But though it was quite beyond me to determine the circumstances of the death of my aunt, yet, in view of the unusual circumstances of the case, and the anxieties which she must have caused in her own mind, I am persuaded that the immediate cause of death was anxiety over her. 
The day he entered service in the Room of the Three, was the last day of December, 1831.
We know how that time of transition begins.
Carl — I remember standing before the big fireplace for the first time.
The bay of Longwander is a lovely place.
The next morning I found myself in bed, asleep, while the young man in question lay before me. 
There were none like Mr. Jeeves the landlord.
As soon as the house was clear, I heard the ravine close in at my back door, and the final spanners of the wall shut with a tall, thin tap of the wind.
"Well, now, you know what to do. We've got the house sorted out."
Came the cry of the farm-hands from the blackened logtrees, and the dust-beg of the corn.
A rod of Nardee Bend and a rod of Anna Standingien, and I was in the extraordinary position of guardianship of four very large families, living in a house built on an unusual scale of scale, which was, I suppose, because there was not much room for accommodation for people inside it, and if there had been room, it was excitedly crowded; but still, I am very much indebted to you both, for your assistance in the management of all the family affairs, and for your kindness enough to let me know what was really going on in the person of the heirs, who were very important persons in the family.
A lonely, wind-swept morning, in the year 1834, and I stood in the apartment of a respectable persons, with my portrait on my mantel, and a large bill in my hands. 
To-day's edition of the New York Daily Post of April 24, contains a story that might interest a true reader of the articles, which are all referred to in the present volume.
The scruffy little boy whose name was Valtu thought that he was more clever than any other boy I had ever known.
In the little town of Abundance, about eight miles from the sea, on the continent of Europa, an old woman lived with her faithful daughter in a small cottage, on a plain and rugged hillside.
The house was tiny; the garden was a row of chalets, and the house a single large room, with all the conveniences of a large apartment, bearing the name of the lady's husband.
Your correspondent, writing from the capital of the United States of America, is acquainted with the subject of my letter.
My dear friend,
The passing of an infant, and the accompanying destruction of all the natural qualities connected with its age, is a sad event, to which we naturally ascribe all the evils consequent on the absence of life.
I shall not repeat all that has already fallen to my lot; for it is said that there was nothing so pernicious in the world as a dead man.
It is perhaps well to pause for a moment to reflect upon the cause of my writing this letter.
My dear friend,
A most melancholy subject, and one which I have been unable to decide upon, has come forward.
There is scarcely a town in the world, or in any province of the British Empire, where there is not one house of the kind, or the like, which you may call a house, if it be not a house, and has not one room in it.
I was born on the day that
My dear friend,
My name is Josephine Miller.
When I was little I used to tell my mother that I had a plan to write a certain book.
I have previously mentioned to you, that the first thing which I ever began to consider seriously over my infancy was the question of how I should get on. 
It was a quiet, genteel Saturday morning in April, when my mother heard the light rain on the window of the house above the park, and a knock at the door.
On the morning of Sunday, November 16th, I was up at six o'clock in the morning to get ready for my major's graduation.
The day
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that Aberystwyth, with all its pleasant and agreeable surroundings, in which nothing but good and pleasant thoughts can be entertained,—is the seat of the most avaricious and extravagantly endowed families of the neighbourhood, in whose house the smallest house-hold may be found, or, at least, that is the condition of the subjects, who, for the most part, attain the lowest rank of society.
The air was of a very heavy, disagreeable character, like that of a troubled country, full of melancholy, and frequently of wild, ferocious, and sometimes of very malicious characters.
The wood had been cleansed of its last of the recent cases of dampness. 
The beach awaited the sea.
People who shouldn't care about the non-fiction half of it are going to love it, and I'm not going to jinx it.
That afternoon I got my first haircut for the rest of my life.
When I left my quarters in the basement of my parents' house and crossed the snow-shrub to the beach, I turned the corner just in time to see a white, five-ton, black-and-white rickshaw pull up alongside and unload its contents.
It was a beautiful day.
Sasquatch is not a creature to be taken lightly.
The first time I met Aldo Lai, he was just 16 years old, in just the city of Califfis, in the province of the Atlantic.
The oldest of the Cats, Lord Aisling -- or, as he was known, "Achill" -- had been a soldier on the Somme, but had become a monk at the age of 65, and was now living in a mountainous region, near the river Don, in one of the most picturesque villages in southern France.
It was the day that the Lord got another one of the terrible things that he had in store for those who were foolish enough to make a mistake, or who took a wrong turn: the day that he was told of the coming of Jesus Christ, and that he had better live up to the only promise of his father and mother, if he wished.
I take the liberty of wishing you humor.
There was once a man who went about his business quietly and carefully.
It was the day the first wooden canoe made its way up the Delaware, and a lady, Mrs. Mary Scott, came along with her two daughters, Mary Mortimer and Mary Emmeline.
When my father died three days ago, I was born in the same house.
After the scene of the murder, Jeff had always been uneasy in the presence of the King.
I.
Afoot in the hills beyond the pines, at the entrance of what is now the town of Washington, there stood the mansion of the late Maj. Gen. Samuel A. Cabot, and the hôtel of the court.
The story of my life goes back almost to the beginning of the world.
I once gazed on a certain deserted island, and thought it a beautiful, well-known place.
In the middle of the late summer of 1799, a young gentleman came down from the north, on foot of an invitation from Sir Humphrey Dirks towards the end of April, to have a study in the neighbourhood of Blighty.
The sun was shining, and to the west, but the snow was still blowing, and the cold, wind, and rain were still blowing, and the leaves of the fir trees were still swiftly falling, and the weather was still very cold, and the snow still lay upon the ground, yet the wind was from the south-east, and blowing towards the west, and hurrying with greater violence than the most active hurricane, but yet with less violence than the most violent storm of all, and thus, although the following winter the snow was still rolling down, and was so great a burden upon the chest of the young man that it had shaken him so violently that he could scarcely stand up from sitting down, yet the cold still remained, snow still falling in torrents, and the snow still remained; and yet, though the wind was from the south-east, and blowing towards the west, yet the cold still remained, snow still lying upon the ground, and the ice still remained; and wind still from the south-east, and blowing towards the west, yet this same week, and the same direction, and so continually changed, that it did not add considerably to the difficulty of the matter; and yet it did not decrease it.
I have been engaged, by a series of circumstances connected with the employment of my time and attention, to write one of the most interesting stories of my life, and have been obliged to forgo a number of very important events, for the purpose of doing it.
If one were to undertake to enumerate the various congenital defects of rural citizens, before they arrived
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the original solitary residents of the desert island of Dava, of which only a few survive living a remarkably amiable existence, have been so numerous and so numerous that it has been difficult to determine who their chief or superintendent was of all their number.
In a year when a vanity of shipping gave rise to swarms of imaginary ships, yet, never so far reaching into the unknown, have the voyages of man been conducted as those which are now to be found in the course of scientific expeditions, and which in many instances have been far in excess of the limits of those expeditions.
The eagle with the black head and white breast of its parents stood first on the sand.
He was a man of over fifty.
He had dandied in the last war, but he had not forgotten the joys of youth.
The power of my mind, unoppressed, has a happy consequence in its possession.
The last days of the Republic of the United States were like those of a man who has been dead a long time. 
The business passed in silence and there was no sign of any howling or howling-like beasts, save those which had already stampeded about and thus had become accustomed to their marks, the fox, the hare, beaver and all the rest.
The manner in which all the various factions of the United States were united in the war of independence, and which generated its most varied results, was remarkable indeed.
Charles is back, with the girl, and it is a happy sight to see her glad and cheerful.
The long, long days of the mid-nineteenth century were spent in the midst of the great American trade as it was obliged to be.
There was once a man who lived, and died, in a house of writing, which he called the Book House.
The first time her brother got up in the morning, did her hair, did the nails, and made the first mark on the dreariest of the earth, Anna felt that there was not a higher pleasure in the world than the pleasure of establishing a house of writing.
The first time her brother had any idea of what he was doing, did she have a house of writing.
There had been a great battle at Annandale on the 7th, and yet we never heard the sound of it, or knew what it was like.
The wild beast came for the last time, and it was in the night that it drove its last line of march, that at last it was driven out of the royal city.
It was the ninth day of the winter season of 1769, and Henry, King of Prussia, was in an agony of anxiety as to the fate of his house and his realm, and the fate of the world, in which--in the year of our Lord, 1768, I write, there was a great conference in the House of Lords, held at Westminster Abbey, to decide the question of the House of Lords; the question which, from the beginning of the revolution, has agitated the world; or, as I have been called, 'the question of Europe.'
In order to prevent the spread of the plague, which was then very nearly epidemic, the Empress Alexandra, the sovereign, and most powerful of the Russian monarchs, had the decision of the Holy Office changed into a double tail, and of a colonels in the most severe circumstances appointed to preside over the public estates of her dominions, and they were under their command, in conformity with the custom of their period; each emperor having a subordinate, called a flat colonel, in his own service, which he had collected from all the emperors of the past, and was always attended by the most distinguished and powerful generals, and of whose chief rank, if I remember rightly, the honour was usually due to the prince of the house which it belonged.
I have done nothing which has been more difficult for me in my whole life than to obtain the knowledge of the two glorious mysteries of faith, and of knowledge of the truth, and to carry them out, and to learn them, and to keep them, and to keep them fully understood, and to know them, and to know them faithfully, and to keep them always, and to know them, and to know them truthfully, and to know them truthfully, and to know them, and to know them, and to know them, and to know them, and to know them, and to know them well and to know them.
The great tree of the neighborhood where they lived grew tall, rich, and sturdy; it was of the broadest and tusksiest kind; it had little in the way of leaves, save the silvery threads which it spun into a fallen, yellow, and flaccid form and a curled form, and which, though green in the sun, looked so.
I am not a very good judge of what is
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged and acknowledged to be truth: by the looking-glass manner of the World you would find in it everything that is now known to your reason; and nothing else: the Indians were of a people that were neither barbarous nor yet yet yet yet in want of a proper name, as you may see in the above account, where I think the word Coselowe'er, commonly the name of the people, was applied to them.
If we look long enough into the history of the World, we shall find, that the first inhabitants of the Earth were seen there by a direct vision, and that they came immediately into the habit of civilised life.
When I was twelve years old me and my brother were walking alone on the hill, all the while we were in our mother's house, in South Florida, in a state of uneasy disquietude; for, far from making anything of a holiday, it had been the custom of our parents, to spend the night in feigning anxiety, in endeavouring to procure a safe and agreeable footing for our accommodation; until, at length, the gloomy grey twilight of the house, and the desperate state of things that beset it, relieved us of this precarious and unsettled state of mind; in which condition we were in a position to understand all that was going on in the world, and in all probability to do some good for mankind.
The immense mountains of the West, from the mouth of the Gulf of Texas to the Gulf of Mexico, are in a state of violent confusion, all the way round but towards the east; and, if we will but look hard upon the map, we shall find that the whole extent of the continent, from the extremity of the Mississippi to the mouth of the Rio Diamante, is in a state of confusion, whether it be measured by the latitude of the place from which its summit is to be distinguished, or by the longitude of the place where its entrance, or superintendence, or government is to be derived, or by some other convenient measure.
The air was crisply, within the boundaries of a few hours' walk, cool, tolerable, and of a fresh air, in the city of Lisbon.
"Right on you," said the doctor, pointing his finger at the cool morning air, and also at the dry, horseshoe shaped body of the adolescent, as if in recognition of the impression he made upon the fancy.
The clouds of night parted, and soon the stars winked out.
It was the year 1774, and the deep ocean was rich with the scent of the sea; but the honourable class of proprietors of the wealthy quarters of the United States of America, were content to continue their business under the air of the comfortable air of their own country.
She is a girl of nine, she is a girl of nineteen, and yet she possesses, by a combination of circumstance, education, and natural beauty, more attractive features, than any other girl who has ever been known to me.
A wind from the north.
Do you ever feel that, in your work, you are dispensing with any one who is really interested in your work?
On an autumn day in the year 1784, the Emily managed to secure her general discharge from the army.
The sight of Liberalism, such as that of which I have spoken, mixing with the abominable prejudices of every class with which it is known to mix, has been a most disagreeable one, and seems to have been to my mind the only thing that ever could have brought about the ruin of the little Republic I have known.
The following account is drawn from the History of the old Republic, written by the renowned writer and company, and entitled the Book of the Hundred and Six.
LORI'S EDDY, the English Lady of the Isles, lady of the tithe, superintending the affairs of her noble house, and indulgence to her lord, king, and queen, and also to the most noble household of the inhabitants of the island of Malta, as well as to her nominal sovereign, made known to her lord at Westminster the ideas of her majesty, on the subject of the distributing of the tithe among the members of the household of the first class, which matter—which they deemed a sufficient discovery to enable her to make her decision in what was then her prerogative—they thought fit to disseminate among the members of the household of the next class, in accordance with the principles of good government and perfect justice, and to give effect to them:
I am now leaving my family, altogether, not having a single brother—and both my father and mother have been indulgent in all that I have spoken to them, and they have afforded me every kindness and comfort, by the most diligent bearing and prayer—and, indeed, by the most unavoidable necessity, for the preservation of my family, and for the extension
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged, and of most consequence to all who pretend to hold it, that in the course of thousands of years the abercuriosities of the mind of man have been transmitted from generation to generation, and have become so familiar and familiar a part of the outward sight of mankind, that it is scarcely necessary to insert a correction in any chronicle of the history of knowledge to ascertain the true date of the invention of the printing press, or the development of the intellectual arts in the civilized world.
The third issue of the periodical «Requiem of the Gebelion» that appeared in the year of the death of the Emperor Siva (1783) is devoted to a satirical composition intended to satirize the manner in which the Emperor traversed the globe in search of pleasure, or at the very least to amuse himself.
Why are we talking about this?
To begin with, I do not think it should be necessary to add anything beyond a few lines to explain that the character of this book has been altered by some act of the legislature or executive.
I was born forty-two hours after the start of the first world war.
Paris, July 22nd, 1911.
Here is my description of the city at the start of the first world war.
The town of Larchmere is a small cobble-built village of a little more than 500 inhabitants, not far from the Wainfleet estuary. The town was founded in the year 1475 and has been the seat of the barons of the market-place, but it has been fancied to have been originally a village, or a hamlet, or even a city.
Staring out of the lintel of my room at St Paul's, I saw a figure hurrying along the road and jostling a bag of change in one hand.
The two-storey windowless room at No. 183 Bromley Street, where I was living with my wife, was a row of rooms with a single door that led into the garden, and into a sea of moving souls.
Mors will never forgive the misdeeds of his mother's family.
The dead vanished one by one, like a nightmare.
I shall go into the office, and there I shall write.
My name is Antoinette.
I am a little old girl who has been brought up with all the strictest discipline and with all the usual expectations.
I spent the better part of my life in a little white house, little more than a room with a little window and a windowpanes that were open at the top, and a door which was ajar.
There was once upon a time a little village in the woods of Virginia.
The latter half of the eighteenth century was a busy and prosperous one in this country.
The night that the bitch died, she came home to Summerland and found herself in the grip of an ague.
The cyclone was almost over; it came down in the afternoon.
The first thing that strikes one of us when we see a wild animal is that it is so large.
The sun had risen before the moon had even risen, and already the temperature of the place was already beginning to rise.
The season was cold and gray and the air was very thin and still, and all the housework seemed to have gone awry, and the house was like a sleeping maw.
The starless night stretched out before her, its grey expanse filled with stars.
I am a fool, but I only know how to make a fool of myself.
I had been watching the city through the mist, but the torrential rain hadn't stopped until it was too late.
But I don't like to spend my time in the dark, even in the darkest days.
On the morning of the third day of the month of the nine thousand and twelve, the day after I had become the wife of an old and learned man, the council of the dead sat for a long while and came to the conclusion that there was nothing more to be done.
She had an eye like a rose.
The moon was a brilliant star, which shone an iridescent blue and a sparkling white, and when it shone in the clear sky of the desert the stars shone like little diamonds in the moonlight.
I had come from my estate in the middle of the Scotch Channel to the spacious town of Ocedon, over which the sea extended to a straight and level course of two leagues.
I was born in 1184 in a little piece of land called Hove - the same name as Oliver, but I am not mentioning Oliver here. 
The one thing that could possibly turn the upper crust of this world into anything other than a deck of cards, is a little girl named Esther.
It was the height of summer, and the cold northern air was almost as heavy as a blanket, and the fog of spring hung
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged in the whole age that none of the princes of Gold-land, who were about to return to the precautions of the family, was ever more willingly engaged in the business of politics than was the King of Norway, who never allowed the least thought to enter his mind that he might gain the favour of his fellow-countrymen by the acquisition of estates of a different character.
Anyone who has ever seen the movie Gone with the Wind will know that the adventures of Lady Ahab, played by the likes of Edith Headbury and Eva Liddon, are too famous to be broached by any but the most abstemiously ambitious of readers.
"Is it worth your while?" asked the voice in the background of the gloomy garden.
The moral of this story is this: if you wish to grow a beard, get up in the morning and go to work.
The moral of this story is that learning the use of the knife is not all that is required of an adventurer.
Serco was a plain glass-fronted building on a low block of South St. Paul's Street.
"What, chaps, in what land is the place called 'St. Paul's Street'?"
Children in this part of the city made wagons of their mothers' houses and tossed them into the best lanes.
The fireman who was with the landlord was talking to his father.
The first thing Mohammed did when he was born was draw a portrait of his father.
The wall of a courtyard is a marvel of engineering.
I don't know how long I was on my feet, but I was already skinny.
It was the spring of 1762—the end of the Cursus-Verse, in fact—that William de Vannel, a clinically insane man, came upon the island of Madeira, on the west coast of Africa.
The author was sent to a farmhouse in a wood by his uncle.
In the year 1751 there was created in England the kingdom of New Zealand.
I have always believed that miracles do not happen.
On the night she died at the age of twelve, Lucy Wilkes had a dream that she had met a handsome young man, but which she had never been able to identify.
In the year 1741 there was created in England, by the royal edict of the year 1745, the island of St. Mark's.
The sun was shining brightly in Oxford, and all was well with the world.
On a certain day in the year 1843, the family of Charles Adamson, who had settled on a farm near Whitehall, discovered a letter written by a boy named Charles Henry Browne.
The above novel is a work of fiction.
In that year 1778, a yacht called the Vicinelle made its way to the harbor, in such a manner that no one, whatever his station in life, would have even the slightest doubt as to its identity.
That is the story of my life.
In the year 1771, in the year of our Lord, the reign of M. de Roche, the Emperor of the United States of America, was born Charles, eldest son of the Empress.
In this year 1747, an event occurred,—an event which I will relate at some future date—in which a large number of persons connected with the government of America, who were then yet very long in time, and had never before been entrusted with public affairs, either by themselves, or in conjunction with any other body, held the confidence of all classes of people, from the lowest to the highest, with a view to the general good; and assiduously endeavored to find ways of promoting the welfare and elevation of their country; and under these circumstances I shall afford the fullest and most exact account of what was done by those who were called on to perform public functions, by those who were appointed to dispose of personal property, and give account of the public revenues.
The Lord of that place in the ground called Gilmure, where the ancient walls of the city lie, where the great tower of Troy stands, and the great walls of Troy lie, and where the lady who was called Elizabeth stood, on the lower part of the island, according to the current account, or rather according to the actual record of the time, lies in the very midst of that part of the sea, which, according to the current account, was formerly called the Great Sea, and of which, as we have already stated, the then inhabitants of the Lower Sea were all but over taken; but still, it will be well for us to record, that notwithstanding all these inconveniences caused by the passing of an hundred and twenty years, and even to this day, every thing was so perfectly settled, that there had been no occasion for any alteration of the circumstances; but, as I have already said, things had already been so perfectly settled, that no one had even the slightest
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the writings of the ancient (or the best) authors, if they have been preserved in writing, have generally been of a more or less troublesome character. I do not mean to prove that any of them have been ill-advised, but only that they are both of a disorderly and difficult disposition. Let us, then, alight, and take up our quarters, in a house, which lies in a gable-side garden, and and is called the Episode. Or, if it be better, like the epitaph, 'The house with itself,' it may be called, 'The House where the Cat roams.'
The earth is the largest body on the face of the planet, and the illusory centre of everything; for it is the centre of the spinning motion of the great blue universe.
The forest was red at the foot of the crag and dried grey all through the night, but that was because it had been too cold to melt snow.
'That's the sort of man you are,' said Abbé Marquis d'Eon—Mr. Elton (John Lewis, of course, thought of him as Mr. Elton).
"You'll go on like that," the inspector said.
In the middle of the nineteenth century—a twentieth century, if I may be permitted an exaggeration—the wife and children of Thomas More of Leicester were regretting their separation, when she asked to visit their eccentric, publicly disputatious and ungrateful neighbour in the king's palace.
The year was 1798; the eighteenth was bad.
It is not always easy to decide what is today called modernism—a word that has for a long time been bandied about by the intelligentsia, and which, it is evident, in its early years did not require great exertion in the light of its practical consequences.
He was born the third child of a wealthy family, but the first one never gave the name of his father, and the name of his mother was not involved in home affairs.
This morning, Mr. Osborne went to the door and saw a big, bad man with a dog.
The house is in a dark, leafless part of a town, where houses change hands in the blink of an eye.
In a small, quiet, winding road, bounded on either side by rock and sheet of water, and as its name suggests, by the name of the river, is the little village of Cribex, where, in the midst of a plain, which is the genuine boundary of the town, and of the river, and which once contained the ancient town of Cribium, there dwelt a certain Mr. Arnott, rich and respectable, who, though not a member of the church of St. Paul's, but was minister of the same, and who, as we have already stated, was for many years professor of law at St. Paul's, was a great admirer of Cardinal Spencer, and judge of the cathedral at London, and of the Benedictine monastery at St. Augustine;—it may be well to insert here a little information respecting those persons who, in the course of time, first came into the knowledge of Cardinal Spencer, and of the priory of St. Augustine, at the time when he was a cardinal, and was a very devoted reader of the books of our sacred fathers, and was a friend of the abb es, and of the female members of the same, and who, from an early age, were instructed by our learned professors in the knowledge of the laws of religion, and the establishment and application of them in the real world;—there, indeed, was not a moment too late when, by the means of the (recent) innovations of our authorities, and of the profession of law, and by the humours of a considerable number of our citizens, the place was gradually brought into possession of a very considerable extent of ground; it is needless to mention how exceedingly extensive this lay.
I had the right idea about the play, though I did not know what to do about it.
In the year 1821—a year long enough for all our indulgences, but not long enough to make us forget the past—a man named Bishop Pate of Rectorum of the same diocese, within which my brother-in-law was tenant at the time—knowing with what exactitude of knowledge and intelligence he possessed this subject, and in what manner he was induced to inquire into it, and to proceed to any particular point, and judge for himself concerning it, although he was ignorant of all the rest, but came to some certain conclusion regarding it:—this Bishop, knowing exactly what he was doing, came to some certain conclusion about it; since he determined to draw out for himself a certain conclusion, and decide for himself a certain conclusion; and he resolved to decide in such manner, and so far as
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the human race is struggling.

Interesting, interesting.
The first world war began twenty years ago.
A lone nun sat in a divinely appointed house in the Garden of Eden or the City of the Watchful Eye.
On the night that Jesus was to die, he died.
Always one for a drink, and never without it.
They said he was going to die.
I was just a little girl, and then was born into the first family of a great empire.
Leon Rose was a little boy about the same age as this story begins.
I am beginning to see that the things that are written about me are not written at all.
Dr. Seuss wrote a book called The Gardener.
The famine that swept Europe in the year of our Lord 1939 was caused by the English planting of a very nasty weed, of which it was one of the most evil and destructive things ever invented, and, for a long time, the most dreaded weed of all, and yet most easily controlled, and yet most happily so.
The quest for the moon began with a perfectly normal young man, but he never imagined that he would one day be the first person to discover the truth about astronomy.
Martin he is never going to get over it.
"Oh, god, what's wrong?"
"Ah... You're going to die."
Blood and gore, —for the Middle Ages were filled with blood and gore, and the taste of blood was all too familiar —eluded to by olden Christians, for this blood and gore was the true mark of death; and as the world died, and was replaced by the world of light, and by the light of the moon, and the light of the stars, and the light of the earth, the souls of the men of old were led to the grave, and, in some cases, to the very bottom of the sea.
One afternoon in the middle of winter, and a lonely hauler filled with the last of the white-bearded squires of the Court, I was struck by a strange phenomenon.
In a hole in the ground, in a place called the Rumour, there lived a man named Hollis Day.
In a strange land of rivers and domes, which the imagination of man has scarcely touch, there lived a man called Curtiss.
Which is the road to hell?
Dorner, who had been hiding out with his wife and young son in an abandoned mansion on Burbank's water, crept into the apartment of an elderly man and was about to kill the man when the elderly man, the Magistrate, forced Dorner to stop and to go to his front door.
He was hidden, he was completely unseen.
The moon was shining in the tiny windows of the house where Leah lived, and the gloom was a pleasing sight.
It was one of the few times when So and so, the President of the University of Australia, did not wake up the next morning knowing that the world had changed since he'd left office.
It was the year 677, and the world was going very badly.
It began with one question, and then one more.
It was the end of the Beauregards' long life, and they were about to die.
His hand stank of sweat and his blood.
It was a fine sunny day in the mountains of Switzerland in August, and the beautiful town of Harz having become a matter of indifference, the good folks of the neighbourhood of Deheim at the foot of the Alps turned from the Alps to the town of Harz, which was the abode of the rich and famous.
Carroll, the squire of the house, had nothing to do when he woke the next morning.
The kids were playing and laughing.
On the day of my mother's death, March 19, I went to the town of Dunmore, in the parish of St. John of the Cross.
The hunter's eye has a tendency to cover more surface.
The opportunity to delve into a partially worked-out theory of the general structure of the universe has never been more gratifying or fruitful.
He had more money than a gentleman who had never been in debt before.
It is the luck of the draw that a great deal of the time we have to work out of our minds.
In the seventh year of his reign, there was no mistaking the arrival of an old, gray-haired, grey-bearded man.
Once upon a time there lived a king named Odin.
It is a beautiful day in May, and the weather is calm.
Four ships had been posted to the coast to protect the trade of certain ship-ship-sized objects known to science as 'ships.'
"This is the biggest gun I have ever seen."
A large, flying saucer drifts majestically into view.
Dr.
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that, by the nature of the structure of society, the land freezes to a bare bones level. It is a truth universally acknowledged that, by the nature of the structure of society, the sea freezes to a bare bones level. It is a truth universally acknowledged that, by the nature of the structure of society, the sea freezes to a dead, lifeless, and almost impenetrable level.
Sea.
The bowels of the sea opens into a full and sunny green lake.
The sun went down as if it had never been there before, but for the faint bright light of a single small star it was a dull grey.
I, the Rydia, am dead.
He stood on the brink of a castle. It was a secluded, well-tended little thing of stone, with one gate, two turrets, and a castle keeper at each end.
There had been no one to greet me.
It was a cold and grey, windless night, but it was March.
In the year 1452, the year the creation of the world, the city of Cinque Terre was destroyed.
The sky was black and grey and grey.
In the beginning, smithy.
The battle of Baddeley was a grim, glorious affair.
It was God's will that I should have children.
Sweetgoods was called a he-man, a brute, a nigger, a prostitute, and a goddamned fool.
The first time I met a ghost, Professor J. B. R. Tolkien, the author of The Silmarillion, had to go into a churchyard and sit down in front of a gravestone where an old man, not more than sixty, was holding up the form of an infant.
In the year 1451, the year the first sea creatures began to show up in the sea, the city of Cinque Terre sprung to life.
The sky was shining brightly as if it had just been there all along.
There was once a town on the coast of the great lake of Erthe.
"Let me tell you a story," said Jasper, "which I've been thinking of for some time."
Vilmar the Elder, the most powerful wizard of the British Empire, had been elected King of England in November of the year 1451.
It is said that when the first man became an eagle he lived in a cave, for the eagle flies.
It was the realisation by many years of experience that though nothing in nature ever really changes, that things, like the seasons, and even the human form, after a certain period, and with certain modifications, are generally the same.
"I am here to discuss the conflict that has developed in our time, which I feel is very serious indeed.
The first discovery of geological time has been made only in the last few years, when the distance between the earth and the moon has been increased considerably.
I should like, if I should be allowed, to comment on the work of the late gentleman Mr. J. B. R. Tolkien.
In the present study we have an elaborate description of the whole of the world, from the crossing of the ocean on a vast continent, through the sea of Irth to the mortar of the earth, and all the ways in between, and the endless interior of the great subterranean world, and the fantastic realm that lies beyond the sun, or the moon, or the stars, or the elements beyond the sky, and beyond the abyss below, and beyond the stars and beyond the planes of the ether, which also is called the abyss of antiquity; and there are some secret things in it, which no man in his right mind could possibly penetrate; and there are some things that no living man in his right mind ever entered into it, and which we know to have existed before the discovery of the earth: and as we have already seen, they are all, however minute the details of each one may be, in the main very important: and they are all, however minute the details of each one may be, yet very important: and as we have already seen, they are all very important.
"The desert," said John Muir, "is the most beautiful place on earth, and has produced some of the most extraordinary characters.
The figure of Dan has been described in the history of the school of mathematics as the "god of expansion," the "father of all great ideas," the "father of all great sciences," and, finally, the "new God of the universe."
The father of the house was a good-looking man of thirty-two, with a beard and a moustache which most people thought an accent, and a face, which was an effect of his surroundings, and which his neighbours thought more charming than handsome.
But there was no need of logic in the matter.
The stars have a tendency
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that I have been so much surrounded and concerned with the affairs of the world, that it has seldom occurred to me to look back upon them.
♜This is everything I have ever been, and shall ever be, interested in,” he said.
Pepo and the gang, including myself, were on our way out in the rain.
"I think we ought to get out of here," said Dahlcam their coachman, as we trundled over the river to our own hotel on the French Isle and set out the next morning.
It came to pass, from the beginning, that the Christian and the Pagan world seemed to be on the same level: the one great religion, the one great moral authority, the one great nation, the one great people.
For the second time in her life, it occurred to her, she hoped it would never happen again, she had seen it happen before.
There was once a woman with a gold tooth, a large nose, and a short stature, and who lived a long, long time.
The ship, with her large crew, was going along across the water to find her daughter.
The word-of-mouth market is what gave rise to the nickname, the "bird-market" of Samuel L. Jackson's life. 
In the beginning, there was nothing.
There was once a man who lived in the forest with his brother. 
The moon was shining bright and clear, with a waning moonlight over the mountains. 
The sounding of the rumour had come to all quarters of the sitting-room.
Tom Sawyer had the bright idea of shooting a man in the head with a gun.
Down on the floor of the black chamber, the big black revolver rested, and stood, pointing at the once-scattered corpse of a tortured man.
Dumb.
"What's the matter, is everything all right?," said the boy, "I can't see anything."
There was once a guy who lived in a house in the middle of nowhere.
The interior of the vessel was no different in its kind of quiet from the rest of the ship, save that there were no people to disturb or hear anything about.
As they moved through the streets of station, a boy on a steam train was dying to know what life was like in the real world. 
Mirror and mirror.
The sun was up, warm against the black sky.
What we saw was incredible!
• Ophelia Camden is a former reality TV star and a fashion designer.
She was in a terrible state.
It was a dark and stormy night.
It was a day when truth is stranger than fiction.
There are things that are so great and so terrible that they never knew their beginning, and they never knew their end.
There was once a girl named Molly.
There was once a boy named Delilah Peabody.
The long-gone had a name.
The myth is that mountains and rivers and sea-sails and steep cliffs and minarets rise from the mud of the earth, or even the very earth itself, and reach to the sea.
The sun of Saint-Pierre shone in the room of a tall, handsome man, named Benjamin de Meneses.
In the year 1879 the young man, Mr. William Berkeley de Vaux, of Richmond, Vt., made a purchase of a large house in the village of Montreville, which was in the parish of Saint-Amand.
The machine guns that the First British Division had placed in the town of Locarno, in the province to the north of the Alps, were so powerful that the defenders of the little town of New Concord could scarcely contain themselves, for they had not only to face the enemy, but to carry out orders issued by the generals of the Government.
Farewell to the wild and howling and rattling of the lion; the hulking mass of immense height now vanquished, but still threatening to swallow up the world.
The first time I heard the voice of the living was when I was seven years old.
The fourth book of the Bible, it is said, was written by Moses and the angel of the Lord.
I dreamed that I was a girl.
Care to tell the story of the dead?
The first time I saw the sky I was very young.
The morning sun shone brightly, protectling against the swirl of clouds that shrouded the earth.
The spring of my freshman year of college.
The bush that grew amid the tall grasses of the grassy meadows of the southwestern region of the Rocky Mountains was golden, the thin length of it a meadow of long pastures and narrow streams.
It was in a town of the name of New Concord, which was on the western bank of the Rocky mountains, that the story of
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that while it may be possible to understand a word of what is written because it is easier to understand true than false, it is by no means impossible that the mystic may at the very least arrive at some conception of what the truth is by means of some advantage peculiar to his own mind.
Clare of Carc, daughter of Henry of Lancaster, was born on the 6th of August, 1636, in the village of Fleetwood.
When there fell the last of the Summer of the first Part of the year 1660, it was on the last Saturday of February, that the miracle was done.
He was an old man, in a pair of white cats, and altogether silent; but silent, indeed, as if he had been talking for days and days.
The air of the city was filled with the sweet odour of the flower.
The evening air was filled with the cool, pleasant air of the mountains.
The house stood on a handsome, well-furnished park. 
Daylight shone on the river.
The godmother sat on her horse, invisible to the English, and smiling as she watched over the infant on the other side of the fence.
I knew the gods long ago, when I first heard the voices speak.
Who was it, I wonder, who did not know she was old and stupid? 
I am torn between two emotions. 
But we were not all born in the same place.
The three little engines of the Beaumont steam-ship, the Murries, were in the midst of their most dangerous voyage, in the year 1660, when the fatal accident occurred.
There is an old proverb that the wise know no time, and the idiot no place.
There was once a young man who desired to become a good man. 
My name is Ralph Dallen.
I had entered the blackened bowels of the vast net, arrayed like a sailor in distress, when the dreadful news reached me. 
Lady Aber.
One afternoon, my uncle came into the kitchen and told me that the whole family had been murdered.
There were three things I knew from my childhood: that the world is round, that the sun and moon are made of silver and gold, and that the moon was born with four arms (the five ones in a title like that) but escaped from the womb, in the shape of a man, to become a woman.
You may have heard that the French are dying out. 
It was in the village of Nievre that the glorious action of the Restoration was known to the colonies, and that a little while afterwards the civil war began and the Romans returned to the throne.
There was once a country of woods, and when the spring of 1715 broke the clouds parted and the fair Alpine plains shone brightly.
The dremeling wheels of the airship of skaters and their mouldering boards were soon ready to be plain and begrimed with dust.
The syndicates of the Golden West were united.
It was a cold, damp and windy night, cold enough, but with the good air, for even across the city of Dublin, even on a cold, windless night, there was a chillness and a stench of January; and it was snowing so hard that the streets were bricked clean and the windows were askew; and the houses of the three or four wealthiest were as though they had been robbed in their fifties; and yet, when the snow began to fall, people were eating meat and singing hymns until the middle of the next day, when the wind came in and would have kept the people from singing, but the cold wind was a blessing, and the sunshine a relief, and the heat of the summer a comfort.
No wonder, then, that I am always asked to describe my experiences as a man of letters.
This is the account of my life — the story of my life.
The white-eyed little girl had been playing with her toy flame-cube the whole time she had been dreaming it, and when she had finished playing with it she had lost the idea of anything but the base, foolish, and solitary nature of a toy.
Every day is the same for me, except that no one knows when I'm going to die, or where I am, or what any of these things mean anymore.
The moon was bright through the blackness of the swamp, and the wisps of wisps of dust that hung from the branches of the trees below gave the air of a sea of life.
They had turned back.
Daphne had imagined traveling all the way from the Golden West to the city of Knothole, the summer capital of the kingdom, but, alas! Daphne had not been expecting such a return.
The first night the house was dark, the voices of the
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that it is very difficult to guess where a man of few words, of laimance, or of no talent, but of good family, comes from whom his fortune is to be derived.
"I shall follow my favourite hobby, and if the Marlboro Man is not for me, what is?"
The remaining air was a haze of dust, the air of the city of Nauru.
Tom Saw it first, it was a tall, broad, and flat-bottomed ship, made of wood and iron and blue-gray glass, and rigged with 12 guns, 8,000 rounds of ammunition, and a crew of nearly 20, including Captain Olaf Aunissen, the doctor, a lieutenant-colonel, and a captain, plus a number of midshipmen.
"There is said to be a mysterious ship. The braves of the sea call her the 'Sea Queen.' I never saw her, but she was very beautiful, and well-shaped, and somewhat like a blue-helmeted woman. She had a very pretty face, and a very pretty mouth, and a pretty face that was a little too full for a woman of the middle age, and a little too open for a lady of the end of her career, but I don't think either of those ought to have been the case, for they were exactly opposite to what they were."
He had a dream.
"You've gone and done it, Mr. Simon. 'You've done it, Mr. Simon!' I am not here to tell you how we have done it, but it is my hope you may understand it."
She had been born in a room with a window, and in the summer of '65, it was decided that the family should move into a house on the beach.
The world is full of ghosts.
There was a boy named Simon, and he was wise enough to know that the way to escape a life of crime was merely to kill a lot of people.
It happened to Jubei the first time he was told.
The night I heard the news of the attack on the Japanese capital, my wife asked me what I thought of it.
The film is a bizarre and dizzying blend of reality and film.
Formic the Great, The Work-Teacher and Adolf Hitler's closest associate, died suddenly in the forest.
The sky is big, and the smoke is thick, and the dust is thick and blackened, and in the middle of the blackness, long after the dawn that always heralds the end of winter, and the cold of the earth, there rests the city of Rome.
Near the end of the nineteenth century, the poet and painter Wilfrid James Cassell had crossed the sea from England to America.
The afternoon sun shone brightest in the shining windows of the carriage.
For a long time they seemed to have nothing to fear.
If you are looking for a piano that won't break your hands, or can only be played for a few months, it isn't there.
The epicenter of this great city lies on the plain of the plain, an incredible white world beyond the purview of the imagination, yet beneath the surface there is a kingdom of shining blue mountains where the waters of the great sea are always calm and even-tempered, a kingdom of mountains where the thought of climbing walls or rooftops can never develop into an emotionless, joyful, or even a languid thought.
A strong wind blew hard through the grass.
The angel that was once known as the Priscilla of the Rose, the Mother of Angels, is dead.
I am going to tell you that I have been a madman, and that I have acted out of passion, but that I have chosen the path that I have been guided to by the Holy Spirit, to wit, to live a long, happy and happy life, not for myself but for God, so that he might be my companion and my benefactor.
There once was a lady who was the wife of a wealthy man.
I have visited America several times, and have come away fairly impressed.
It is only ten years since the death of Archibald Eaton-Earle, of the hernia that had been so long a trouble of his.
I was traveling past the city of New York in the summer of that year, when I heard that my brother's wife had been murdered at her home in the city.
This is a story of two halves.
The white leaden clouds of the Evening Star turned to thick blue light.
The white lines on the sandstones seemed to have been drawn with a ten-cent piece of blue-encrusted paper.
"That's what I call a 'suggestion,'" the man said, his voice low and his hands slipping behind the steering wheel.
This story begins on a bleak, bleak, lonely,
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that if I am not dead, I am surely yet far from it." “This one. That one. That one.” I was frozen. “Oh, God, there's my daughter. ”I'm going to die.”
“Curse you, old man, for you will never make a rose.”
In the chill. “Aaand that's all the I’ll get,” the girl said. “Don't worry, I don’t have any more idea.”
When I was a boy I used to hear stories of the ancient hero, Gandalf the Grey.
While driving down the road, I heard a woman talking to a man.
The grounds of the Palace of the Kings lie to the east of the hill, beyond the walls of the town which lies to the south.
I am the Princess da Prato of the Dàmbré of the Don Valley of the Royal Family, with the rank and title of Countess da Prato; and am, or have been, twice, or ever after that, ill-treated by my lord the King of the Kings, the King of the Scots.
The attack on the royal palace was slow and methodical.
I was sitting in my dining-room one day in late July, looking at the woodwork, when a man came running up.
Countess da Prato, of the Dàmbré of the Don Valley of the Royal Family, with the rank and title of Countess, of the Royal Empire of the Highlands, having with her the titles of Countess of Kerrick, Sir, or Lady, of the Empire of the Highlands; was in a private chamber in the government palace, in the very palace which she was about to change into.
Silas tumbled out of his bed to the snow.
“Darling,” said my mother. “If I am dead, they are surely going to kill me.”
In the middle of an apple-leaf field a ghost appeared.
In the middle of the night, I lay down on a bench by the stream and looked up through the little crevice of a branch.
It was a dark and stormy night.
The boat was moored on the harbour to the north-west.
The last Saturday of June was the first full moon of the year.
There was once a house on the level with the water, where the river ran clear of its banks to meet them on either side.
A white-haired girl stood before the altar in the garden: the sun shone through the yellow-green leaves of the greenwood.
I had not thought anything of it, but I had been invited to a play in the Cournois, the court of the Marquis de Sade.
The production of Angelica's genius, however, was held to utter fright by her friends and enemies alike.
I am a writer of books, and one of the objects of my literary labor has been to show the reader, by means of a series of allegorical narrative devices, how the creative powers of human nature are exercised in the pursuit of art, an art which can be formed only by the aid of reason and by the aid of the contemplation of the sublime.
First, however, a few words concerning the nature of the novel.
The sun was shining brightly and clear as a bell on the day when a young woman died under mysterious circumstances.
In the days before the First World War, France had practically ceased to exist.
The foot of the mountain now appeared to the eye as a broad, flat plain, its peaks low and high, its width plain, its breadth at all times a mere shadow of a vast expanse of rugged, desolate, and desolate.
In the year 1658 the Earl of Argyll, of all the Houses in that City, a certain William of Argyll, Earl of Argyll of Argyll of Argyll of of of Irenleith, by baptism of Grace of God, of the time of our Sovereign Lord, King Edward the Third, being then Bishop of Wight, in the year 1682, and after having been enabled by the grace of God to obtain the episcopate of the Church of the Rolles of Argyll, on the 26th day of June in that year, he entered into an agreement with the Bishop of Argyll, to dispose of and change the See of Argyll, in the name and title of the said Bishop.
The whole of the country of England was so little inhabited by humans that it was difficult to tell in which direction the earth revolved.
My name is Irena, but you will know me better by my middle name.
I am a bad woman.
The sun was shining brightly and clear as a bell on the
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the wise of her age and situation were possessed of superior sagacity; and that these qualities of hers, being combined with such singular skill, were, when executed in a sufficient degree, to render her superior to all, especially to that age and condition to which she was then or, in a word, to which she is to be distinguished from the rest, by virtue of which she was distinguished, and, in a word, to all ages and conditions, from the earliest times, in every part of the world.
The hunter having killed the lamb and taken its flesh, the builder and baker came out of the house with a cake of bread and a cake of butter, making no change for the better.
"Don't be silent; it's the dead who tell lies."
The rings were very dark and faint, and there was no breeze.  
"What's the matter, my dear husband?"
"It's all right, you know; the sickness hasn't come back."
"Once upon a time I got a permanent headache.  
We hadn't been married a long time when our daughter, Lilly, discovered in her bedroom one night that her mother's grave lay just down the hall.
There was children all over, but all of them were boys, as everyone in the village was wont to suggest.
She was a cheerful, cheerful girl, and always smiled.
Once upon a time I was a girl of twelve.
"Is that all right, my child?"
"It's fine, ma'am.  
"I'm back in time, and this is not the end of the world."
"How is it, my dear husband, that you have not yet taken to writing letters to me?"
The sun rose at the edge of the world. 
I have always been a writer, and my earliest memory is of being a child, or perhaps even younger.
I am a child of a ruined marriage. 
I was in the house, when the Baron of Salisbury, Sir Thomas Foster, came into the room. 
I was fifteen years old when my father, the Duke of Salisbury, died unexpectedly of a brain hemorrhage.
At the turn of the last century, the deep sea was undergoing a dramatic rebirth.
The body of any one man was always a puzzle.
I was born in a state of depression and intellectual confusion.
I never thought of myself as a pedophile until I was forty.
The following account of the excursion of the great-great-grandchildren of Sir John Freeman to India in 1774 is derived from a diary kept by the late Dr. William Worrall.
The earth, the sky, the sea, the whole universe are all one immense dream, and it seems to me much more difficult to contemplate it fully and accurately than it is to imagine it.
The first time I saw a man, I was in a real panic.
Enormous animals were sweeping across the sea of Ursa Major.
Prepare to die.
The sun is dying.
This is the story of one house, in a real one.
The devil has three names, and it is a simple matter of education to discover the true meaning of them.
The first day of February, 1847, was a hot day in the town of New York, where my father was born, in a year when the sun was shining brightly and the air was full of the scent of freshly smogless air near the end of May. 
The boys kept their arms up, and played soccer.
This is a story about an hour's drive north of the Cuyler-Snow border, and about a third of a day's journey south of it.
The first time I ever went up the mountain, I thought I was going to die.
I was born in 1926, in a place called Argyll.
I was born in 1853.
I remember it like a photograph.
I was born there, in a house that was never finished.
Every morning, my mother took me to the door.
The moment I knew I was going to die, I was going away.
The sun was blowing red-hot, and the moon was glowing brightly.
The American navy played its last game of the war at anchor off the coast of the tiny island of Goa, in the Indian Ocean. 
I was born 162 or 163 years ago.
The old woman is sitting cross-legged on the red sand on the beach of the Williamsburg of Long Island, waiting.
The weather has come, it is as the old saying goes, for the hills are falling from the sky.
I present to you, my dear reader, the second book of my novel, which is the 'The Tower of Olympus', in which I have kept all the events of the first book of my work.
As
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the ordinary reader is deeply curious and absorbed in the interest and circumstances of every real or local matter, but which, in his ignorance and want of training, has frequently inveighed against the entanglement of the interest and business of the produce of a single district or locality with the general operations of the whole or the whole state, and has even suggested that the general principles and general character of a state, were more or less invariable; though to this time he has had no facility of ascertaining or estimating the precise extent or character of the absolute number or extent of its various districts, or regions, or districts, and it is by the aid of these that he has been enabled to estimate the general character and general character of the state; though in the first place he has been led to believe that the general character of the state is the general character of Pennsylvania, and that the general character of Pennsylvania is the general character of the state; and moreover he has been led to believe that the general character of the state is of ordinary proportions and regular proportions; though in the conduct of his deliberations he has had no occasion to observe either the regular proportion or the irregular proportion of the general character of the state;—in fact, he has been so ignorant as to have been altogether unable to determine the exact general proportions or the exact regular proportions of the general character of the state; and yet he has been deceived into believing that these proportions or regular proportions corresponded to the true proportions or regular proportions of the state, though it was not until he penetrated to the last stage of open investigation that he found out that they did not correspond to the actual proportions or regular proportions of the states. But these are but two of the inconveniences or difficulties which have happened to me in the course of these Discourses.
The reign of Victor II. was not long in existence, perhaps it was not even a century. The moving parts in the existence of any country are like living acts, and the only control we have over them is our own outlook, our desire and faith, that we may obtain what we desire; our passions, our outbursts and our sulences, are the only control we have over our greater or less insignificant parts; if we wish to succeed, we must throw aside all our prejudices, adopt those opinions, feelings, and dispositions which are most conducive to the attainment of our ends; and we must believe that we are acting for the best; for though merit alone may obtain, it will always be most fortunate if it be the result of a certain combination of circumstances; for although merit alone may obtain, it will always be most fortunate if it be the result of a certain combination of circumstances; which, as they have been shown to be necessarily his doing, Edition: current; Page: [239] he has always found it most difficult to dispel, and it was only once, during a still more difficult epoch, that he succeeded in dispelling his doubts and apprehensions concerning the consequences of his own conduct and actions, that he discovered the secret of success; which, under the circumstances, he has found to be but very slight, in fact, in proportion as he has overlooked the whole number of accidental circumstances which had been employed in an advantageous manner in acquiring it, in proportion as he has disregarded the greater number of circumstances which were injudiciously employed, he has found to be but very slight; and in a certain proportion, his success must be in proportion, in a certain order, in which his fortunes may be distributed: as, for instance, if the fortune; if the fortune, or even * * * the fortune; if the sun, the sun, is ever shining upon him, and he is in possession of the sun; if the sun is always shining upon the ship, and he is in possession of the sun; if the wind is ever blowing upon the ship, and the wind is ever blowing on; then, in a certain order, there must exist the wind, the ship, and the wind; for it is impossible that the wind, or the ship, could ever aim at any object, unless it aimed at some object; no other wind would ever have been able to do it.
The Lord is my consultant while I sit, and I do not care whether he be God, or man, or even some other creature; I am as much concerned as merely that he may do me good or ill—just as much a moral agent as a material one; and if he is a being of no great consequence to me, I take no special regard to his character, or his looks, or his manner, or his dispositions; I know nothing whatever of his character in person, and am at the same time indifferent what he appears to me to be.
The river Jekk had been a great morn-tree in its season; but the dry season of March had brought its own change in its appearance.
I passed the night in the garden; and the morning I
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that fair weather is dangerous.
The first morning, Felicita woke up, and the Jets were coming. 
It is a truth universally acknowledged that hated weather is dangerous.
They walk under the mist, bright and free, and see only the white of the earth beneath, and the gray of the trees in the distance. 
There were three of them, two men, and one woman, but the brown was always there. 
He thought he was alive, but he wasn't.
One foot in the grave, one foot in the shooting gallery, the other three inches in the air, and the only thing that was clear to him was that the universe was really all there was. 
It is said that it is the worst thing that ever happened to man. 
The rings on the fingers of thy right hand are as big as the first ring in the moon.
In the year 926, when the gods had gone, and hell had been consumed by the flames of a thousand false gods, and only the living were left, there lived in the land of Zend Zebedee a man, called Adam, who was possessed of a constant and divine love for his wife, Eve.
A girl had told her mother she would kill her sister.
I was sitting in the library of the common school once on a cold Sunday afternoon, and I remember well the expression on the face of the principal.
The big screen at the top of the restaurant looked as though it had been lifted at the last moment.
In the middle of the night the siren went off.
One day in September, the accident that killed my wife and my cousin was all over.
The cousin, Mrs. Gibbon, was living alone in a very poor part of the country.
It was a beautiful April morning and I awoke with a start to the sound of the rain.
The waiting room was crowded, and everyone wanted to go into the bathroom, but I had put up a sign on my door that said: "No ladies."
By the year of the dramatists, or rather by the year of the dramatists in literature, by the year of the dramatists in the world, when they had stopped to talk to each other, there had been enough of universal opinion, so much of universal opinion, that everybody understood what had been done.
The waves of the sea, which break up into a clear and uniform record of the number of days which are to pass, are always like large rivulets.
In a short little town about eight miles from the port, on the coast of California, there is a little village, of which the name is old and well-known, and which is inhabited by the appearance of people having lived as long as sixty-one years.
The old world, which had before ceased to exert a thorough or any influence in time of peace, was already beginning to regain its former influence.
"My husband is a maniac, believes he is God."
The air was thick with a foul stench which sent shudders through the city.
Dieron the Magnificent was the first and greatest of these gods, from whom the gods who followed him in their turn derived their names; but that he really was the first and greatest of them all, is evident from the fact that not a single one of the other gods, even at the farthest reaches of earth, mentioned him by name.
The day I had been placed under arrest, I discovered that this, not another judicial proceeding, had just brought me to this point.
There are, indeed, certain circumstances of casual existence which, no doubt, are susceptible of some explanation, but which, as they admit no exception, must necessarily find themselves in a state of contradiction, either with the principles of arithmetic or the principles of chemistry;--that is to say, with the natural laws and the laws of nature.
Her name was Mabel, and though she was a child of ten, she had already been educated from childhood in all the arts and sciences.
It is a tragedy to find the truth in a lie.
I had a dream, and I had a dream, and I had a dream, and I had a dream, and I had a dream, and a dream, and I had a dream, and I had a dream I had a dream, and a dream, and I had a dream, and I had, a dream, and and a dream, a dream I had a dream, and a a dream, a dream I had a dream, a a dream, and a dream, a dream.
One night Lisa Yonge lay awake at the same time as she was dreaming.
Jalen sat down on the floor of his bedroom and, instead of causing the servant to come, he said, "You're going to like this book, are you?"
The year was 1811, and
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that every idea which has ever existed, or can be conceived, has been composed in the mind of one man, from the first days of the world, and not only in this, but also in all ages, and all nations — including, of course, that of Rome itself — from the commencement to the end of its existence. So great is this truth, that it has been almost universally recognized by all mankind, that the idea of such progress, or even of more progress, is impossible.
In the years that followed, as the necessity of securing the public welfare increased, a part of the public mind was awakened to reflection, and to a fine sentiment of responsibility. It was the natural consequence, that the people, of whatever denomination they might be, should be accustomed to feel, that certain actions were taken, which, in their opinion, had a tendency to establish institutions, or to produce particular results. The views of the public, therefore, were, perhaps, naturally, much influenced by personal experience, or else that they might be expected to possess some knowledge of the subject. It is, therefore, with a great deal of difficulty, that I succeed in obtaining a satisfactory consideration of the subject; or rather, a somewhat more complete acknowledgment of it than is requisite.
Some years ago, in the year that was probably the most interesting in the whole course of my life, I spent the night with my brother Mr. Herbert.
There was a time when all good men loved water.
It is a fact, which is only too well known to every one, that the artist has been so completely destroyed by the passions of passion, that the possession of any talent has become a source of fatal anxiety for mankind.
At the time when I was making a monogrammed tea-bag for my mistress, the little house in the distance off the road to New-Domain, I remembered a secret, which I had gained for myself the satisfaction of describing in a little narrative, which I shall now allow to remain.
ABOUT ME
When I was little, my father wildly played about with a gun and a dinosaur.
It is the vow of chastity, addressed to a married man, that is to say to a man whose wife is already married:
On the night when the earth began to rot, there was born on the earth a wise man,, called Abraham, of a pleasant countenance, of good family, intelligent and agreeable, of a good mind, of a good manner of speaking, and of a good family.
On the morning of the 12th of the month of May, 1599, the death of Richard I., the Emperor of the Romans, was announced in very considerable terms.
It is a truth universally acknowledged that every idea which has ever existed, or can be conceived, has been composed in the mind of one man, from the first days of the world, and not only in this, but also in all ages, and all nations.
Of all the struggles which an author has added to his work, the most interesting to his readers, and of necessity the most troublesome to himself, is a struggle, which, without any material object, or motive, has and ever will exist, and which has been and is to be the object of all human endeavor, to determine for himself, and for every man upon the face of the earth, what an object the pursuit of truth and happiness, is, and how far it extends, and that it is the supreme good of man.
The man committed the crime of sedition, was a citizen of the United States, was a resident in the United States, and engaged to hold office.
MOBY-RIDER.
It was a cold, gray, windless night, the darkest of the winter of the year which followed the arrival of the HONORABLE JUDGE AND AUTHOR-ELECTOR OF THIS COMMON HOUSE, WITHOUT the use of force, in the case before him, of a citizen of the United States.
Then the great plains went dark, the sun went down, and the snow on the ground fell long and hard.
The house had a figure, a figure of moderate size, and an extensive garden, which is an advantage in a small house, but a disadvantage in a large one.
A wanderer from far a-country, in search of a place to stay, when he came into the town of Bethlehem, in the county of Berks, or Benjamin, in the province of Berks, or rather 2 counties that were in one province, he found a great lodging, with a great deal of green stuff on the ground; and this he took with him, and rather drowsy-eyed; but he did not sleep, nor did he ever stop to think what he was.
The air was still as it had been for days, a cold and misty evening air, like Spring, or Autumn.
It's the end of the world, everyone!
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that the Dæmon is the representative of the First Cause; for in the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
For so little a time have I been a spectator, that I have barely recalled the events which have elapsed since.
In the time when the sun and moon were passing in utter darkness, and the stars were dim and shadowy, and the swift, silent stream of the sea was hidden in darkness beyond sight, the man who was called Micah lived in a village near the road, that is, the town called Babel; and he not only knew how to make a telephone connection, but knew how to make any number of telephone connections, without ever having set foot in a city.
I have sat across the way from an angel on a hot summer's evening, with my eyes open and my mouth open, and my head bare, and my hands clasped about my chest; but the angel had no face.
Cluck.
The strange thing is, that though I say, 'I happened to find a book', I never found what I was looking for!
He smelt eggs!
As I sit on the train with my friend and driver, Mr. Robert Wick, in the midst of the hot afternoon, i hear the cry of 'Swine!'
The first time I heard the word, spotted it on a map, my eye went from a compass needle to a hand-drawn map of America, and a few days later, a little book in a leather case.
The fire crept toward Brideland on the morning of October 16th, and the skies were clear, and the weather pleasant; nothing but a lie of the air and a singular occurrence, that for two hours it was clear, and raining, and it was cool, and sunny, and the sun shone blue in the morning.
The voice called.
The sun rose over the Thames, and the stars soared high in the east.
Once upon a time, there lived a cunning and beautiful woman, a woman who could change anything she wanted, and the world was hers.
Alone in the darkest and most dangerous part of the city, in the heart of the haunted forest, in a tower very high above the ground, in the shadow of that same great structure, which hung upon the top of the mountain, which consisted of such things as Manderley Heath, and that once became known as the Abbey of the Abbesses of the Rosicrucian Order, and which was called the abbess' chamber, among the people and esteemed high among their houses.
When he was almost thirty years old, Robert, the elder son of a powerful Mr. and Mrs. George, and Mrs. Sarah, and Lady Mary, by the name of George, died in the city of Peterborough, in the year of the reign of Elizabeth, about the second of June, 1657, where he had been born in Cambridge, and died unceremoniously at the age of thirty-seven years.
In the year 1688, when the time fit him for staying at his father's house, Mr. Alfred, Duke of Norfolk, left Canterbury upon a mission of profit and pleasure, and travelled to Scotland, where he had the honour of visiting the abbeys of St. Andrews and of St. Columba, and to see the monasteries of the Abbots of the same order, where he was received with great honour; and having arrived at the place where he had intended to stay, he immediately went into the monastery of St. John, and the monastery of St. John the Evangelist, and looked around, and found it occupied by a church of which he was not present.
When I reached the lake, I found the house empty; but the sun was shining over the sea, and the mermaids were floating in the water, like a bright dye-load of colour and florid colours.
The sun looked gleaming in the grounds, and the moon glittered in the sky above the house, and then was gone, the moon descending, turning back toward the lake; but as at first sight it appeared that the moon was beginning to shine, and was shining brightly.
The last night of my life I will always remember.
I remember the first time I met the girl at the supermarket, or the corner.
Everybody knows the story of the little black cat that sat on the grass by her mom's side and played with the mouse.
The glacier was coming up the mountain.
The summer was bad, and the sheep were dying.
The forest had been emptied of its trees.
Narayan Singh was not one of those by the river, and he had not the slightest idea that it was.
This book is not a novel.
I like to hear the question.
There is a place called Avonlea, in the midst of
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged by all who have been able to gain a knowledge of it that there exists in the world a highly delicate and delicate race; and that the quality of a nation, in the course of its history, is to be measured by the state of the constitution of that race, by the words used by its leaders, or by what they do or do not say in regard to that constitution.
"I am born of a maid by the name of Mia; my father was a businessman, and my mother a housewife.
Nights, Sydney, late at night, the papers are all packed and filled with rumours of the dreadful earthquake which had struck in 1877.
The squalid houses where I grew up have been many things, but no house, I think, of any description, shall have been yet so thoroughly changed for the worse as the one in which I live.
It was said of the Place de la Concorde that, if you were to take a peck at its surface, you would find a million little peppercorns.
One balmy afternoon in early March, the sun was setting and the streets of Paris were full of the weedy smell of autumnal flowers.
A large blue yacht, occasionally called a "freight" boat, was ready to sail for the Mediterranean.
"Be careful of your hair, please."
In a dark corner of the forest a serenity live in the infinite space of shadow.
The first thing you know is that you're in a place, you're in a world of amazing things, and you always have a chance to do something amazing, don't you?
I am mad.
It was the height of summer in my first year as a pathetic young man, nearly forty, living in a house of social and economic ruin, and with a brain that would make the mind of a tiny last-term inmate spin.
Sophie Moseley came home on a cold February evening to look up the family tree.
Written in the hope of saving a choir lad in the middle years of the Middle Ages the following short words provide a guide to a life of useful exertion.
The God of the universe was watching.
The sun rose in the west, but the lack of light of any other star made it appear dull and grey in the near-starry doorway of the southwest corner of the earth, where the white and gold sky was the only concomitant light and the gray, high, and gloomy earth seemed a shadow of itself.
It was his life-long dream, not only to know everything there was to know, but also to know everything.
The second big city in the New World, San Francisco, had an air of grandeur about it, an air of popularity and a great deal of money.
The young man who was to become either the second president of the United States or the leader of the vast establishment, or at least of the latter, or, at most, the operator of both, was going to go to work for the $10 dollar bill.
On the evening of the fateful day in which the virgin was to be sold for the price of two dollars, the young man, William Wyandotte, who was then twenty-one years of age, was sitting down to dinner with his friends in the shadow of the smithy, in the neighbourhood of Prince Edward Island, where, although it was cold, it was summer, and although there was not a single soldier in the street, but saw nothing but green, and black with winter's snow and ice, nor that danger of which he had been warned by his father and grandfather, the gentlemen of the family of Mr. Wyandotte, in the time of their reign, had been perpetually in dread of the sea-monster that threatened the commerce of the United States--the mysterious sea-monster that, whether dropped down into the sea in a wooden box or a wooden boat, was always there waiting for some vessel in need of its assistance in passing through the line of ships that guarded the entrance to the commerce of the United States;--this young man, in the year of our Lord 1685, was sitting down to dinner in the shadow of the smithy, in the neighbourhood of the abbey of St. Peter, where the elderly nuns lived; and his suspicions concerning the mysterious sea-monster which threatened the commerce of the United States were, it seems, well founded.
I begin with a passage from Homer's Odyssey.
In my twenties, I knew nothing of mythology, but when I heard the sound of wings and shouts and the distinct odor of blood in the air I knew what I was in for.
It is a settled fact, whatever may be its origin, that the human race has been obsessed ever since the dawn of time with the problem of magic.
Father Laureano, from south to north, north to south, north to east, south to north, south to north, north
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that it is by the presence of good, that one may get something for nothing; and the reason of this truth, is, that good and bad, or good for nothing, are intimately connected with each other; as if the pleasant or disagreeable were a consequence of the good; and the evil the consequence of the evil. "It is by the presence of good," say the philosophers, "that one may get something for nothing; and the reason of this truth, is, that good and bad, or good for nothing, are intimately connected with each other. "It is by the presence of good," say the philosophers, "that one may get something for nothing. And the reason of this truth, is, that good and bad are intimately connected with each other, as if the pleasant or disagreeable were a consequence of the good; and the evil the consequence of the evil. "There is no virtue so much dreaded by the public, that nothing but ails them; nor so much admired, that she doth not perceive its malignity; no one is more dreaded of all to-day in England, than the prostitute. "You need needs to put down your gun, and leave your groceries at home. "If thou wilt ever be in a place, where there is no crime, where there is no treason; where there is no murder, where there is no attempted murder; where the public is safe from all danger; where there are no hidden places, where thieves or murderers are unknown: but only an inn, a house, or a poor family, can keep a decent countenance: for, by the peace and harmony of society, every family has an inn, or a house, to keep its old countenance; and in this way every man hath settled himself into a respectable and happy existence, unless he be so fortunate, as to be destitute of all comfort, or convenience. "It is by the presence of good," say the philosophers, "that one may get something for nothing; and such a probability as this, has been ever improvable in any part of the world, and, for many ages, has been accounted one of the most singular and singular facts of human history. "There truly is nothing so difficult to be made than a truth or speculation, which, though it may be founded on solid premises, yet must necessarily be subject to some difficulty and weighty disinterested opinions. "It is plain, that it is impossible, in a sensible and sensible manner, to determine what a man's character, or talents, or dispositions are, unless he be acquainted with his real estate, his real circumstances, and his real dispositions. "It is the grand object of all the inquiries which have hitherto been made into the character, fortune, and character of mankind, to discover, or ascertain, within the limits of a reasonable time, what degree of perfection, or degree of evil, either moral, or material, must necessarily ensue from the disposition or dispositions of a man, when he enters into any kind of conversation with the public; and thus engage himself to do good, or evil, according to his own judgment. "It is the intention of a careful and infinitely prudent observer, to distinguish between what are called the "public goods" and the "private goods;" for they differ in one respect only, that they are either private or public, or, in other words, that they must either be the property of the proprietor, or the property of another. "It is the principal object of every noble and competent gentleman, to promote the public good, by whatever means he may be enabled, or employed. "It is the object of every gentleman, to discover, or discover, the grand object of all the pursuits of distinction. "It is a dangerous error to suppose that all mankind are alike. "It seems, that the discovery of any particular particular thing, is only inevitable, in a certain proportion of time. "At first sight an individual man may appear entirely different from all his family; but, for the most part, it is not so; and it will not be long before we shall find, that the character, habits, and dispositions, which the individual man possesses, are in every respect alike as are those of his family, or almost alike. "It is a rule of nature, that natural things are always in greater or less abundance. "It could scarcely be otherwise; for, the abundance of nature furnishes us with such productions (if we are not mistaken), as render the expense of the common stock, or of the land, a very little increased. "It would be an absurdity to suppose, that the very productions of nature, had they been constant, and unexceived, could have produced any other end, or been more productive than those which we observe to-day. "It never ceases to delight me to hear, that persons, who have no other object in view, than to support themselves, Edition: current;
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that wherever the idea of an independent State has been tried, it has been more or less successful.
Peters, a Southport native, learned early to like the sea, and to hate the waves.
Famous for his purple hair, innovative for its surroundings, and fabulously wealthy for his connexion with the most daring of the law; George S, Willard, or George S. Willard, who flourished from the year 1738 to the year 1812,—a most conspicuous figure among his contemporaries,—had been a victim of fortune in the course of his career, of discord and contention, and of death, in the course of the whole course of his life.
THE world is a bad place for a serial killer.
It was midday on November 29th, 1839.
The cloud of vapor moving around the room was like a black mould.
Cowboy Joe and carol read at the top of the page
Miami, we have news.
"Mr. Williams," the nurse said as I sat down on the grass beside my nurse.
I now turn to relate to you the adventure which has been the subject of much speculation on my part, and will finally result in some account of my personal dispositions, though I do not pretend to be able to give any satisfactory account of the whole.
My wife's name was Mary.
It was the middle of May, and the temperature was now falling, and the streets of Venice were altogether deserted except for the numerous watch-towers and the occasional ship.
It was a glorious day in October, and the military progress of the year 1714 looked bright and proud in the pale rays of sunshine.
These lines are taken from the book, 'The History of the War of the English-Americans with Spain,' by Dr. J. C. Exner, published by the Minister of War for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
It was decided to march about in batches starting at Camps-Moulins, and marching to the mouth of the Little Mounth, where the little river Morion led to the city of Dalma.
The first time I saw Henry David Thoreau, I was in a horrible mood.
In the year 1711, almost at the end of the American revolution, a certain Mr. Stephen Wadham, an English gentleman of letters, retired into a remote part of the country, where he remained a few months, and when he was once more come, he began to write, and to write in such a manner, that no one but his friends could figure out what was the meaning of his writing.
I started almost at the beginning of the year 1711.
When I was twelve years old, my father gave me a note for $5 at the street corner.
Mr. Spacey watched as the maid burst into the room and fell to the floor, covered with blood.
The rain became increasingly incessant.
One of the revolutionary soldiers had just returned from an expedition to the Threshold, where, according to legend, there stood an invisible barrier, which they called the threshold, filled with the dead.
He was buried in a large tomb within a large tomb, in a large house on a narrow street, in a place called Monaco, in May of 1762.
It is said that the population of Mars was so great that a large town could be erected in its centre.
I have once seen the city of the East in the heavens.
The devil hid himself in the earth as a sardonic old fool.
The town of Poughkeepsie, New York, was once a thriving mining town.
You learn early in life not to trust your eyes.
The ship that was to carry the bad news of the death of Lord Hales of Dorset had been nearly wrecked.
This book is the result of a long-standing love affair between myself and the lady who shares my name--Lady Emma.
I am not perfect, but I do have what I believe to be the greatest intellect of my age.
It was the fifteenth day of July, 1743.
The first man to achieve immortality I have ever known was Abraham Lincoln, the President of the United States.
It was not the first time in history that a hero had to die, for another hero was to come along at the close of the decade.
I was born in the year 1461, of a family which seems to have been earlier than the whole of Europe to-day.
The sea-bared city of Lisbon has been a place of famous beauty ever since the days of Louis the Viscount, when the second son of a duke of Castile, who had been wounded in a fight for the crown, went to the Elba mat-ter to find out the fate of his father.
The town, which lies between Ceuta, on the south, and Valencia on the north
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the motion of the earth, which is circumscribing the limits of every human understanding, has prevailed over those of every other age; period, province, or province of mankind.
The holy rabbis, and their successors, resolved to stage certain extraordinary miracles, in order to prove that God was the Author of all things.
John the Baptist stood on the threshing floor explaining to his mother how he could save her from murder and a pregnant grave.
Lest the reader should suppose that the characters in the above narrative are all of the same sex or closely connected with each other, it is proper to observe that there is only one common person for whom the following narrative may be complete.
When the eyes of God were closed, and the day of judgment so long and memorable ago, the angels of my father's house stood by my mother and me—they were the same angels who were in the most excited prayer in the Lord, when the Lord spake to Moses, saying, "Behold, the Lord spake to you, saying, Thus saith the Lord: I will be to my servant Moses the faithful witness of all that I have done to the people of Israel."
I have chosen for myself in this life a life both dear to me and dear to the world; but to which life I am willing to devote my whole strength, under any circumstances; and to which I am willing to submit myself, although I have long accused myself, that I am so: for I am persuaded that, if it had been otherwise, I should have been entirely destitute of all the means of personal security, both material and moral.
The world lies, and the only reason for that lies in the fact that the human mind has forgotten what it was made for.
The old man stood there at the fire while his friend played a dangerous game of divination.
The sombre glow of the saloons brightly illuminated the street.
In a city of lofty palaces and of rich merchants, in an age where all things seemed to match, somebody created the most beautiful and most complicated clockwork machine ever made; and there stood by its watchful eye who could ensure its proper operation.
The first thing he ever saw was a clock.
It was December morning at the end of the 18th century.
I was born in a house which fell on a hill in an old village of some twenty miles distant, on the bank of a river which ran through a constant state of change; that is to say, in a small village situated within a large city.
My brother, Pierre, grew up in a house which, though built of stone, was built of stony foundations; that is to say, in the earliest stages of Italian civilisation.
The day that I became a widow was that I had the misfortune to marry a poor, middle-aged woman who, both in person and in fact, was quite destitute of all the usual conveniences of life.
It was the middle of November.
Corporal Smyth had a girlfriend and lived quite comfortably, except for the occasional bill for the civil jury; but the sister of his niece had a dry eye and a queer stutter, and was thought to be an unfortunate case; and there was nothing very amiss in any of these circumstances, whether they concerned the physique of her family or the nature of her affections.
The sun had set and the cold wind was blowing through a thick, overcast sky when the little white house upon the corner of Gough Street and Tully Road opened its door, and the woman who had been known as "The Queen" of Pemberley returned with a small sack on a silver tray, and, in a word, with a peculiar air of vanity, though of very little consequence.
When the eye of the first train opened on the 19th of November, 1791, it belonged to John Murray, a young, honest man of twenty-two, who, however, was in a position to enter into an advantageous comparison with the higher class of his countrymen, who were all over thirty years of age, and could not possibly mistake the possibility of acquiring a considerable fortune for the advantage of their own country.
It had been a bad week, and nothing better had happened to me than to have a dream in which I was fixing my fate.
The first time that my uncle, a very old very old gentleman, ever saw me in these days of innocence and unreality, he was in a passion of anger, when he saw me in the act of murder, and as I was laying the hand upon my victim, he said in a loud voice, "You'll do it, you, old man."
Behold the dawn of the Lord, when many will be blessed, and many will be damned.
The gates of the Temple, shut and stinking with the foul stench of blood, were open to the wind in a manner that conveyed the
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged and acknowledged," the Book of Lore declared. "The tree of life which he should have sealed in the crown of his head, and which had accumulated since his death, had been broken and thrown away; and yet this same tree – had it stood to chance, that it should have sprung-out of the foundations of the earth, – would have yielded some thing more excellent and valuable than this: for there would have been nothing, save one thing: and it would have been only that thing, which was; – the number of which is written in the book of life: which is, that there were six hundred and thirty-one hundred and thirty-three hundred and sixty-two thousand and thirty-four hundred and sixty-two thousand and twenty-two thousand and eleven hundred and thirty-three thousand and eleven thousand and eleven-and-twelve and-twelve thousand and twelve thousand and twelve thousand and two thousand and thirteen thousand and eleven millions and one!
A boy, buried alive, lies in a small room in the stockyards of the small village of Cadiz, in the midst of the desert.
In a little town midway between the capital and the Mexican desert, on the Mexican side of the Rio Grande, there lived a man named Diego Torres, who had been born in the midst of the goldfields of the metropolis of New Orleans, in the year 1846; and died of a heart attack, in the midst of the desert, in the year 1892, or, at best, in the year 1892; or in 1894, or in 1894.
In the city, in the town, in the town, in the village of desert, in the midst of the goldfields, in the year 1849, in the year 1849, the town was a great metropolis, with a rank and splendour which of itself would have been ample evidence of its civilization; but in the year 1849 there was only the catching-fishing-market, as it was called, and the market-house, of which the name had been changed, in order to hide its original character, which would have made it more easily distinguishable, from the outset, from any other market in Mexico; and there were no important houses of any description in this town, nor any prosperous marriages, they being but rare exceptions.
The late man who married me in a single day is dead now, but he lived.
Beggars don't have pensions.
I thitherd by the way.
Verstook and the girls had gone away getting ready for a funeral, but their father had no funeral, and his body lay in the street for a fortnight.
The first time that I saw Harlan, he was trapped in a room with nothing but a pinion and a spring.
When my father died, he sent me to live with my aunt in a small cottage on a farm, in the village of Lleydale, in the county of Westmorland, in the county of Surrey, between Messamore and Cardon. 
This book is concerned with the way that the spirit of the world lives.
The moon was shining on the great town of Charing Cross; and the streets were full of customers: the old men, the young men, the grey-cloaked women, and the large, fat children—all suitably dressed, all of them with white faces and long, shining black hair, but all of them in a state of mind which had never before been regarded with any degree of indifference or contempt, and which they were all delighted to see satisfied.
They call it the 'little world', and it is indeed small, but it is so much more than that.
I have been told that my father and mother were murdered at the bottom of the sea.
He was a sailor on the coast of Portsmouth, and he was happy in his leisure hours.
The chief building was very old and dirty.
The river in Tirn doch Einnan walked gently across the gold sands and out of the shadow of the mountains, barely visible to the naked eye.
In the year 1764 a stout, dark-faced man of forty-two years, with short grey hairs, of good stock, and of good appearance, came into the service of the Duke of Marloch.
When I was a tiny child, I liked to imagine that I was some great hero.
I am a melancholy man, and I create the most appalling scenes for my friends.
In the year 1796, when all the rumors and distrust about the virtues, interests, and character of Charles II. were at their height, a little old lady of seventeen years, named Ellen, who had been married only four months,
I know nothing of the world except what I have read in books and hearsay, and what has been told me and done by my own mouth.
Young doves with their white feathers and grey
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that the thief Paris de Cheviot, who is taken, kills his victim and sets out with his booty, is not a man of honor; but the murder of another man, makes him of it!
The lady who was engaged to be married with great prudence, became engaged for a second time, and no one can say whether it was more or less important; for circumstances are so multifarious, that no one can know for certain, whether a man of honor or a man of ill repute.
Why, when you know all about it, and have got away with it, what shall you do?
When he went to Warburton, in the year 1647, to see the Battle of Bosworth, there was in the city a certain gentleman, with a certain countenance, who had a certain liking for them, and sought to please them.
When I was a little boy, I used to go to see the sacred mess, and St. Paul was there.
Edwin Bent such a stolid man, that, if he had retired for a season, he should have possessed a quite different character.
There was once a sentiment of the common stock or ear of common, in America, which hoped that the King of England might either be murdered or otherwise ruined at the outset of the very struggle; and this, it is said, was the result of the extraordinary circumstances which attended the last settlement of the West India Territory; that is, of the war between the King of England and the Dutch Republic, begun, as the subject immediately comes to be understood, at the battle of Trafalgar, in which the out-standing ship of St. James, the Tall Man, which stood on the stage before the Virgin's tower, was sunk by the Prancing Mounster pirates.
As the clouds swept over the great flat plain of the Pacific, the ground seemed to knit into itself these immense and delicate threads.
My father, [see note below] [m]ad, my mother, father and myself, were all born in the year 1809, at a time when the same nation was divided into many hundred and thousands of distinct nations, varying greatly in their language, religion, discipline, and climate; and, in this state of diversity and obscurity, the same amount of misery, danger, and trouble, prevailed among all the same people, that their most intimate relations could never hope to escape, or to find any security for themselves; nor did they, for the most part, escape any such danger as their condition might seem to the average observer to be the cause of.
When I came away from the Hills of the Wood that were covering the sky, I met a hotel, and a light in a dim room, and an easily traced name, and a street, and another name, and, in short, I met, as it were, a different man than the one before me.
I was born to be a soldier.
His name was Oleg from the start, and in all his life he had no choice but to assume the appellation of 'Olde-Man.'
I had ordered a pie and a custard-cake for Calatay lightly dressed, and he was asking for silver while I was still in my dress.
I was born on a lonely and grey-haired island in the Atlantic, some two hundred miles north of the high-water-mark of Santorini, and only a few hours' pursuit away from the Spanish mainland.
A stifling winter wind blew up on the tip of the Keys, bringing with it a powerful chill that chilled even the most imperious of men.
The hundredst knuckle-carving axe was the key to the sprawl of mud-tiled castle, and the wailing of the throng behind it.
I met my sister and her father while we were on our way over the island.
In this year of 1794, a ship called the DEVELOPER was forced at anchor in the harbour of Pretoria, on the east coast of South Africa.
From the mouth of a narrow narrow river in the Gulf of Guinea, the city of Brouxant lies; a desolated spot, in which the town of Charing Cross is but a shadow of what was once it, and the low little port of St. Martin's, where, by the ancient laws of navigation, the New Marais had been for ages a port of entry, is the smallest of the inhabited islands.
Mr. Rushworth was the only man in the house, and was not altogether alone.
Mr. Arthur Leigh, who retired into the company of the gods, and was wont to say, with a certain grim air that no rational creature ever heard before, "The old man speaks the same language as Zeus," was the only man in the country who had any idea of the age of the world, or the existence of the human race, or
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that the arts of life are by no means confined to the lower classes, but are now more widely diffused, than in any preceding ages, or even now in the most remote countries; and this by no means necessarily, although the manners and habits of the inhabitants appear to have been hitherto very dissimilar; for, throughout all the earliest ages of humanity, and even until the commencement of humanity, the manners and customs of nations were much the same; even in some respects, whilst in others they were very dissimilar in principle; and in all cases, however, they were very dissimilar in degree; all the rest, it appears, being very dissimilar in their degree."
The George.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that the arts of life are by no means confined to the lower classes, but are now more widely diffused, than in any preceding ages, or even now in the most remote countries; and this by no means necessarily, although the manners and habits of the inhabitants appear to have been hitherto very dissimilar—for, throughout all the earliest ages of humanity, and even until the commencement of humanity, the manners and habits of nations were very different; even in some respects, whilst in others they were very dissimilar in principle; and in all cases, however, they were very dissimilar in degree; all the rest, it appears, being very dissimilar. 
One of the most curious things about the world is the extraordinary number of men that read it and come away with the ideas that they have reached upon the subject, and, that they have reached upon the subject with infinite effort. I have mentioned, in passing, the apt title of an admirable oratorical discourse and treatise, which has been lately published in some English language compilations; and I should be glad if you would give the same attention to the work under consideration, as to that which lies before you; and consider it as an object of great importance to you, who are at all events almost entirely ignorant of the nature of the subject, that there is even extant a work of general application, on which, it may be permitted to say, the authorities of science, especially of anatomy, are all agreed and mutually agreed, as to the character, reason, and present state of the evidence or observations made upon the subject.
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that the arts of life are by no means confined to the lower classes; but are now more widely diffused, than in any preceding ages.—  
It is a reality universally acknowledged, that the arts of life are rarely confined to the lower classes.There are many who assert that they have reached the point where the mind is entirely occupied with the gratification of physical appetites, and that the mind has completely abandoned the pursuit of knowledge and intellectual wisdom; they assert, that one day the wise man or gentleman will find an art of existence, which requires no longer the handicap of a mortal body, but an immortal mind.At any rate, the assumption of immortality is a scientific fact. After the death of a human being, or in any other way, that is, in the case of an immortal being, the mind remains, and can move only in one direction; the direction, though not the whole compass of the universe, remains—though doubtless with some alteration of figure—the direction of the arrow.Life, it is universally recognized, is but the continuation of motion, according to the laws of physics. The intellect of man, then, is a very imperfect and imperfect intelligence; his faculties are very defective: the human mind, if it had all gone well, might have attained to a certain degree of perfection.  
One of the most curious things about the world is the extraordinary number of men that read it and come away with the ideas that they have reached upon the subject. 
The eye of man has an almost infinite capacity for perception. It is in this capacity that the eye sees a thing; it sees nothing else, however, than the colour and shape of something, or, in fact, the whole colour and shape of it, as it may be possible to perceive it.Is it possible indeed, that in a few thousand years, or perhaps a few days, perhaps hours, or minutes, the whole universe will consist of an infinitely small number of stars; that each star will have for its centre a point some millionths of a second in diameter, and that the rest of the stars will have for their centres an equal number of those in the same size; and that the stars will have no other purpose in view, than the survival, the reproduction, and even the continued existence of the universe, and that nothing else will occupy their minds, but the enjoyment of their celestial realities?In other words, the whole universe is but an immaterial ball of dust; it is entirely immaterial, and entirely immaterial. It is not possible to conceive the universe, as anything more than nothing more, if
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that all is one; that all passes into one; that all comes to end; and that there is no exchange of ideas. I shall now devote this paper to an examination of that great subject, which is, perhaps the most fascinating, and probably the most costly, subject in the kingdom of England. I shall have it plainly laid before me, that it is served to no purpose, other than to astonish and alarm; to alarm and excite; to excite and excite; to excite and excite; to excite and to excite toil and fatigue and so on. To begin with, and but for a few hours' labor, the business would have been over; for the days were gone, and there would have been quiet all round; if the subject had not been so very intricate, and difficult to define.
I was playing my harpsichord against the wall of a small room in the kitchen of an old gentleman in our house in Calldore, California, when I suddenly remembered the wonderful man.
My name is Eva, and I am thirty-one years old.
"We do not know how far back in the past it all began, or how far back in time it all began, but we do know that it started with two men. "
Lest you should suppose that I dally with my watch, while I sleep, in order to catch up, you must be aware that I am not of a mind to get up at four to make a dash for the river bank.
An ordinary person might find the following testimonies of difficulty of evidence improbable: the reason, for example, why it is that the nature of a document, which seems to be of such an ambiguous character, is always so easily confused with that of fact, that the reader is easily led into believing what the document presents him with as a given fact, even after he has examined it with a certain degree of care and diligence.
Nobody ever heard of a party finished.
It was customary in the neighbourhood of the Fenchurch House, where the Earl of Monmouth was alone, to go merrily round in and out of all the social objects of the day, or amusements which attend the entertaining of the court, and to pass for gentlemen, or to be identified with the titles of gentlemen, and to indulge in the most frivolous and voluptuous indulgences, or, at most, to be distinguished as gentlemen, in the solemnities of the "theory," or "teaching of faith."
I am as old now as the world is known. 
I have given this little ode to you, my beloved friend, who, when your father received me into his arms, begged me to treat you with all the energy of my heart, and to assist you in all your affairs. 
This is the story of a happy, doable, and useful marriage.
The afternoon air was lovely.
On a bright summer sunny day...
The sea was filled with the sound of the great ships passing through it, bringing with them the priceless treasures of the East.
When Edward the Third died, he left a vast fortune of gold and silver, and of precious stones, and priceless works of art, all belonging to his country.
The first time a girl walked into the room where Prince Alfred was sleeping, she was dressed in black.
"Still waiting on the call, mom?"
That evening, on the last Sunday of December, Juan was lying in bed, watching the moon go down over the Atlantic.
I'm asking you now first, son."
The day I came out of the hospital, I knocked on the door of a house just a single block from my house, on the corner of 183rd Street.
Sláinte is the weather of the winter.
"Mighty-one."
The bloody door of my half-destroyed house rattled.
"I have a feeling I know who the hell this man is."
I had been dreaming of a job all my life.
I was born in a village in a city.
N.W.A. was one of the most ungraduated bands of the massed ranks of the American hard-core.
"It is a device of the mind, but at the same time it has a purpose. The mind knows what it wants, but the affectation has the power."
The day was pitch-dark in the Palais de l'Église, and the streetlights were gone.
I was 6 years old when my mother took me into the bathroom, where she washed me.
Did you know the title of a journal?
I grew up a very long time ago.
Waking up early in the morning is always a bad idea, but I always am a good morning, and I don't care what anybody thinks.
The dog found me.
It was on a certain morning that an
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the deep variations of life, of which culture is the most prominent, are the result of many causes. In the first place, the climate of some countries is different from that of others; in the second place, the manners, customs and formalities of the races vary significantly; in the third, the social conditions of the various races may be of a different character, some of which, poor as they may be, are in a position to give rise to certain important political and social institutions and features; in the last place, the habits of the various races, different from those that are the normal or natural form, of which the phraseology is familiar, persist in various degrees, and are generally variable.
The life of an immigrant farmer in the nineteenth century was scarcely one of peace and quiet, but it was nevertheless one of long, happy rest and quietude. The season was hot, the climate cold. Winter was coming, and the farmer was unwilling to lose his crops.
The sun of May seemed to be beginning to set; for, though it was extremely hot, yet its rays penetrated into the warm terra incognita of the forest.
I burst into the kitchen one morning dawn to find Mrs. Cremona gazing dubiously into a cabinet.
The thunder-bolt was beating down on the valley, but it was not the kind of thunder that reached Mount Ephraim and lanced the towering trees and vista of the Bowery.
Early in the morning of the day that my sisters and I were rigorously obliged to give up living, the door of our flat was opened by a trio of boys in very bad clothes who in spite of their rich runny clothing were waiting for us.
I have been living intensely few and far between my beautiful and difficult existence, and not only did I have to suffer this isolation, I have been compelled to make the painful choice between the enjoyment of a comfortable home life and the comfort of a quiet home life.
I am suddenly aware of the possibility of speaking, and my companion believes this is because he is aware of the possibility of speaking.
Now, Dr. Hiram Flock came to the University of Cambridge to work as an expert on the problems of the day, but not for the endowment. 
My name is Cottey, and I am a saxophone player.
Most people who listen to the radio know that Mickey Hensel a.k.a. Mr. Mott has been incarcerated in Incarceration No. 1 for much of his life.
I am a man. 
My name is Marion. 
I was born in a small town in the middle of the country.
Tonight we watch the news with a clear, though somewhat confused, mind.
Tonight we watch the news without a clear, though somewhat confused mind, with a clear, but somewhat confused mind.
It was just after they had finished the bloody wedding that the sun finally shone on Gett's 'Crime and Punishment' series.
The library at Priory, the third best of the four priory, had been a graveyard of books since the 11th century. 
It was a misty and stormy night, and the wood of the oak-trees, in the vaults where the devils store their treasures of gold, was covered with a thick and dank mist.
You think I am a devil?
The young boy, 'the hero,' who had been sent by God to save the life of a born queen, with a view to her becoming queen, and bearing him as a son, was called upon to do this very thing, and was therefore called the 'Hero of the Future'.
I am the Lord thy God, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage: that which I have brought down from the former house I am going to show thee.
In the spring of my year, the twenty-second of my life, there was an exceedingly warm and pleasant weather, when I heard a voice in the night.
I should like to tell you that although the events that took place in which you were engaged during the summer of 1881 are long gone, yet I am able to write a few words on them, and of them may I speak.
In the year 1882 the father of another of our family, called Charles Balfour, a very prudent man, at the age of eighty-four, died in a house in the parish of Vauxhall, in the neighbourhood of the city of London--a man of remarkable ability and temperance, and known to his neighbours and friends as the 'Balfour of the Mortals.'
The sun was beginning to set, and the quiet, but bright, but dull, July afternoon, in the great parish of St. Mark's, in the neighbourhood of London, as a result of the favorable weather, was quietly settled into a pleasant and
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the elevators give the impression of a flying circus; and whether it may be true or not, it has been the practice of some of the most learned gentlemen, and by many of the greatest men of science and industry, to imagine that the steps and stairs of the medical parlour are kept up with the weight of guests.
Mr. Flitcroft was able to make no more than an estimate of the value of the estate through the medium of the estate itself, and the amount of its produce.
The door of the house was always ajar.
I am so myself now, but I was fifteen years old and had just arrived at a respectable middle-class home when I first realized that my destiny lay in the hands of the black horse.
One day my uncle, the late Sir James Reid, came into the kitchen with the little piece of paper on which he had written a very curious thing.
My mother and I, grown up, had never seen anything like it.
His hand thrust itself into the gun-pocket, and with a jerk of the fingers, the rifle was out of his grasp. 
"Now, a pilot will never be careless," he muttered to himself.
When was the last time he really read anything by an author?
Blubbering if it was, pouting if it was, the infernal things that swarmed and the buzzing things that spluttered and bugged the infernal air of House of the Big Cauldron, the monster Flitcroft the Butcher the Albino the Mad and the Headless, sat at the top of the tower outside the city gates and did not know what to do but watch, and pray.
It was the gift of the tattoos, but it was also the gift of the few that were to be made. 
It is the last living recorded case in human history of a prison-dweller being able to go on living without a carer.
The bird of the air swished in the breeze and tore in through the thicket.
The centaurs roared on, the sound sweet in the ears of the Yankees, as they raced around the field.
The old man was dressed in a white fur shell cap and straw hat and spent much of his time sitting cross-legged on the bank or on one of the stones which faced the river.
I was born in an English town, on an English river, in an English town.
There had been a war, it seemed to me, in an English town, not long ago.
There was once a little town which had its name before it, and was called Rockingham.
I was born in a country which was called Elion, or the Estuary, or Ohio; to which I may have been as old as sixteen years, without ever having been to the city of Ohio, or anything near it.
Fourscore years ago, when the world was full of people, there was an immigration from east to west.
Lord Eddison of Cape Andrew, or the Duke of Salisbury, of Anglesey, of a dominant and decided temper, and I mean a monarchical kind of character--very singularly, for such an old gentleman--very long-lived, but not very wise, and certainly not a very wise king--had this unfortunate and vitiated opinion of the character and the worth of the people of his country, and made the usual and just and lawful allowance for them; but it is an unfortunate thing, indeed, that the Duke of Salisbury is not remembered more for all his benignity in England than he is for all his beneficence in America, or that the Duke of Salisbury was not somewhat over-eager and over-confident, and over-fond of his own personal power, and invested with the confidence and pleasure of his kingdom, in the most singular and surprising ways.
When I first was admitted to Trinity College, I was in some way interested in the study of divinity.
It is no small thing to be a man of genius, or indeed of much more than genius, so far as interests of life are concerned.
Sports and sportsman, I must now speak on them, either as a sportsman, or as a sportsman at all events, though that is not at all proper to me: For although it was my intention to write an entire book upon these subjects, and to leave my Edition: current; Page: [71]self free from all care, or from any thoughts whatever, I have been obliged to create some slight characters, and Edition: current; Book I: of my own: in all which I have been able to effect, I have been obliged to employ an equal number of characters; and neither my own, nor any of my friends, or relations, nor any of my family, or any of my associates, or any of my dependants, nor any of my neighbours, has been able
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that no written work could have been written by a woman, without an intentional and deliberate effort on the part of the author to be thought of as a woman.
™.
Josephine, do not think that my death is the result of my want of will.
My dear friend,—I beg you not to be alarmed, or to be troubled about anything, for I am neither alarmed nor troubled, and cannot possibly be either.
Rendor, the king of Epirus, was once startled when an ancient ship lay very close to shore.
What I have to tell you, my dear friend, may be troubling to you, but it is the only safe way of approaching it.
There are a million questions in the world that are beyond the reach of man's science; but of the few that are possible to answer, the most interesting questions are those that are of most moment heretofore unknown.
In the year 1509, a man named Isidore of Bremen was living in a castle in a country called Zama.
"Was that your grandfather," my uncle said as we sat down to our usual meal one morning.
The sun rose, barely.
DOROTHY Mollacott, Ms. Mollacott, and Bridget Fenner sat on the edge of the verdant lawn of the Walleye estate in the Berkshires.
What is the meaning of life?
"He is not likely to be up for parole anytime soon."
On a winter's day, right before he was born, the immortal, magnificent, wise, experienced sovereign, of the Roman Empire, the Emperor Augustus, lay in his last hour.
I was born a Raven.
The cemetery at Meadowcroft Heath stands as a simple monument to an eccentric genius, a strange, bewildered man.
Thomas Brace, a rich man, was in the midst of assembling an empire of over a billion inhabitants and a matter of unimaginable magnitude in the year 1665, when a bastard son, the son of an English wife and a Welshman, was born into a family of money, and a condition of luxury, at the end of the reign of Mary of Burgundy.
I have written this book, and it is a work of pleasure, for the purpose of instructing myself in all the arts and sciences, which I have received for my pains and trouble in my youth and inexperience; and it is a work of great service to mankind, from whence no man can derive any advantage from it: but yet it is to be esteemed a true work of knowledge only, for it is never meant to be consumed, but only carried on.
Donald the Barber, with the other men in the family, was a gentleman of extreme pretensions.
The night before his death, Lorien scurried through the dark corridors of the Charing Cross station, to the 'hail of the Queen of Heaven, the high archbishop of S. and C., who was calling for the assistance of all the faithful, and the attendance of all the monks and friars of the Church of S. P. a week or two ago.
One day, she was playing the game of chess with her best friend, when she said to herself, 'How silly to be a guesser.'
We come gradually to know a man's location.
I have written down the whole story of my life, and this is my first attempt to explain it, without any regard to what may be the interest of my readers.
The child walked barefoot down the dusty road, bare-footed, in the snow.
Carfare was a hard job in a big city.
The first moment he, or she, came face to face with the black-clad assassin, or the inimitable hoodlum of the deserted West End district, in which the old gray ladies of Marble Arch had their homes and their parson's street, the dead of night, or, at best, the dim and dying light of a room that had been used as a common.
This is a story of love.
In the year 1611, a young man named Daniel Joseph Dubois lived in a large city, in the year 1670, he was in his thirtieth year, the ancient shepherds of the family of the deceased had long since abandoned the island of South-between-the-steams of the Louisiana, but a young man by the name of Daniel Joseph Dubois still retained some of the ancient habits of hermitdom, or of the wilderness: and when he had obtained the confidence of the court, and, by the favor of God, had obtained some property, he determined to make the best of it, and to spend it as he pleased; for, had he not been overburdened with the cares and burdens of a man who had been the object of so many cares and burdens, he might easily have easily
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged by men of sense and of understanding in every age throughout the ages, that the power of magic is essential to the whole spiritual welfare of mankind.
I am not sure how long I have been in the religious habit of my family, but at the end of eighteen years I began to think about the existence of gods.
In the year of our lord, 1136, the family of the Marquis de Snarmiltont, in the marshy coast of North Carolina, came to pay their last homage to the emperor.
When my father awoke from his dream of a jolly good time and a happy life, he found himself staring at the speed-limits sign, in which the canals of Amsterdam had become the visible fringes of a vast, enclosed city.
This post appeared first on The Oxford Gazette .
"Good morning, Madame Quexot. Oi! — only one thing to do today! — finishing my hat! — putting it down! — standing up! — looking there. In my head it was the art of the knife, the art of the knife-thief, and the art of the trickster, and all this in the end it was all lies, and I am never going to believe anything! — and the only thing I will ever want is to be free!
One of the first things that all human beings do, when they begin to live together, is to start by killing each other.
Twelve thousand years ago, in the midst of an endless sea of stars, there emerged a Dwarf god.
She was a beautiful girl of thirteen.
"There seem to be two kinds of people in this city, the rich and the poor."
The first thing that ever happened to me was running away from home.
I am tired of it.
"I apologize for my rudeness, but I do not like it when I am asked to stand in the middle of a room full of people."
The largest city on earth is a festering mass of decay and destruction, a dead center in the middle of nowhere, with every smithy and tavern, every poor girl's house, every poor old woman's cottage, every half-submerged, half-underwater cliff, with a single isolated, unending sea, which every moment of its existence had a constant tendency to trip over and swallow her.
I was born on the island of Patlaborae, where the sea is infamous as the Black Sea.
This book is dedicated to: Noah — the father of the universe, the Creator of the universe — and all the men and women who have made their homes here.
The diadem was a choker, blackened and torn and stained with the blood of the Gauls: a choker with a clever face, a choker without a clever face, a choker with a brain, a choker without a brain, a moustaches cropped short, a moustaches cropped short, a head cut off, a head cut off, a helmeted visage, with a head cut off, a bald eagle at the top of the head.
I am a very old man, I am 78, and I am terribly tired of reading about people if I am going to see my friends and family again.
I must tell you that I never, ever.
Dear Finney, you have taken up the unfortunate task of visiting me in Strathspey.
I am not a fat woman. My feet—the first, from which I have ever borne any body; the second, from which I have ever borne any body, from which I've been driven, though it was my father's, and not my mother's; the third, from which I have ever borne any body; the fourth, from which I bear no body, from which I've never borne any body, I don't stand on feet, for we're all fat.
There was once a little girl who had a great dream, the one of a ship sailing to the west, carrying a young man.
I have just come to the end of my literary life and the beginning of my philosophical career.
I once dreamed of a country on which all the seas met and flowed equally, that there were islands only a few miles off, where the sun shone upon all and the birds sang, and the sea, in fact, was as blue as a crystal ball.
I am his mother.
They said he was a full-grown man.
There was once in the summer of my second year at school a boy, named George, who was so much older than all the others that it was not easy for him to be believed.
There is much more of an atmosphere today than at any other time in my life than at any other period in England's history.
I will tell you of the most extraordinary adventures of my young life.
It was at Chelsea, in that famous, though terrible,
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that nothing, whatever it is, except Reality, which is indivisible in space and time, can exist without the collaboration of matter and of medium, and that it is by means of medium and matter, which are neither material, nor visible, nor even in their nature sensible, that the soul of man has developed the art of divination, though she had known nothing else than the law of gravitation; and that, besides, what she found in the court and recorded in the records of the saints, she possessed not only fluently, but also without difficulty, for she did not hesitate even for a moment to use their best languages, and to activate the powers of the mind whenever she pleased.
At the time when I once more bow to the tutelary majesty of my Creator; that was when I was travelling about in a time of difficulty, in a time of pestilence, and in an otherwise hopeless state of affairs.
Swiftly running along the dusty road of the Temple of the Sun, through the naked, cracked, almost spider-like earth, gliding through the thickets of old sod, littered with dead leaves and torn down trees, the ship's secret keeper stood upon her deck, watching the waves of the great Mississippi.
Three hundred and fifty-six years ago, in a terrible disaster, the inhabitants of the awesome empire of Man, now called the Kingdom of the Dwarves, came upon them with a sword of might.
According to the calendar of the sun, 17:49:01.
In the year 17:54, at the end of the century, there came to the planet Odamal, of which the records are lost, and which was once the capital of the immortal empire of Men, but in which the old days, when it had survived the most terrible and terrible vicissitudes, were still in full view.
The great city of an immortal empire lies on one of the most ancient and most monumental continents of the globe.
It is winter, and the great city of Odamal, of which the records are lost, is a city which has been for over two thousand years a November holiday resort, sheltered by a thick blanket of snow and snow-drifts.
It was this time of year that the priests and sorcerers of the temple of the Sun once held a sacred festival of the death of the sun.
It was a warm, clear day in early November, and the air of the Northwest was clear and crisp: the first clear thaw in six months.
What was that, Master?"
Lord of the Flies, or The Mulder of the Flies, was a master thief who became infamous in the courts of London by the name of "Master of the Flies."
"What is it, dark one?"
I am in need of an escort to the site of my mother's death.
I was born in a small town about a ten mile from Goldsboro, in the southern United States, in a family of four.
In the beginning was the word "math."
"That's somebody's cat, Santa; that's a cat, either one of ours or the other. The one on the left is the white one, and the one on the right the blue one. How old are you, anyway?"
"It's a dæmon," said the tiger in the room.
Once upon a time, there were nine children.
The apartment is two stories tall and has a walk-in closet.
Every night my father, who was eighty-one at the time he died, would go into the refrigerator and do a quick calculation.
The sun was setting and the sky was gray at the edge of the Mississippi, an effect of the warm spring and the cool fall.
Death.
I will not forget the night my father, who was seventy-two, died of cancer.
He is a woman, but she is a woman of deep and enduring memory, and she is a lady of the streets.
In the early morning hours of the twentieth day of August, in the city of New York, a young man was taking his breakfast in the old East 81st Street apartment of Mr. Alexander B. Chandler.
The people of Barcelona, who for a thousand years had known nothing but peace, had been in a state of great unrest, when Emperor Domitian, with a force of one and eight hundred thousand troops, entered the city.
In the summer of the year 17, when the city of Iberia was at peace with the Moors, a young man named Cornelius Septimus Cæsar Noctilius, who wove a fine, well-ordered and well-digested trade in the trade of art, supplied at the time by an apprentice, learned, although in his youth, the acumen of an acupressure-maker, was employed in the prodigies of the art of medicine
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged by all, that minds have not the same complexions, the same character, or the same history, as bodies."-Dalhousie, Canada. The cold, dark weather had just broken, and the gray dreary air of the final days of summer was blowing in through the open door of a small house on an isolated plot of land with a daffodil tree in the way. Wellington, B.C., Sept. 5, 1775. In the neighbourhood of Ferry Street and this large, commodious house, just a few minutes' walk off, there is a "Portico," or private apartment, built of brick and mortar, and adorned with numerous trinkets of jewellery. It is a feat of engineering to remove from the house the lower story, and, only a few feet above the ground floor, where the staircase descends, and where the bay window — which is in this case too low to admit the sun, though a light breeze does occasionally blow in from the bay — is to be seen, the springthumb of which is shown in the sketch-book, and from which it may be observed that the lower story is very narrow, and very narrow indeed. The upper story, therefore, which is likely to be entirely empty of the actors, is occupied by a great quantity of books, and groceries, and other articles of consumption. It is an office or room furnished with all the conveniences of a shop, and for the most part, there is nothing in it to indicate a business establishment. It is settled, on all accounts, that the actors may be seen at all hours of the day and night.
I have in view three volumes of "A New Atlantis." In them I shall show the origin, the condition, and the future of the ancient Atlanteans. I may be excused, perhaps, for not having read all the works on the subject I possess, but not as a difficulty to the readers will justify them, as I am generally wont to suppose; and as I shall enter into partial solution of some difficulty, I shall have occasion to proceed with the consideration and consideration of the whole. I am, my dear friends, sensible that there are certain persons, who appear to be standing upon the verge of a new, and perhaps more exciting, stage of discovery, and I am disposed to assist them in their undertaking, unless they should be contented with my suggestions, which are, in truth, inadmissible, unless there be any contrivance in my argument, which may enable them to correct their present errors; which, indeed, is the sole object of the present paper: and though I may be obliged to partner with some of the others, I have not, it seems to me, any reason to suppose that I shall be enabled to do so.
"What is it?" said the little boy, looking at the little paper, which lay upon the table.
The girl, named Merida, was ten years old, and she wished to become a singer, but her parents said that it was not for them.
My name is Jane am not now or ever was a woman, or any such thing; but there was a woman, whose name was Mrs. Jane, who was rich, and yet poor: and was, without any consideration of distinction, and greater than the simple interest of her parents, and perhaps without any more, than the simple interest of a single husband or a single wife, was generally considered, by respectable persons.
Dear Ma.
I never knew my uncle had a nervous system.
At the end of the last century there were three outposts of the Empire in the aftermath of the Great War.
The boy had been playing in the trees for hours when he heard the face of a woman approaching in leafless nights.
I am not sure it is my destiny, but I am sure it is higher than all others.' says Emperor Axel, the most powerful man in the land, and the man with the most power.
It is a long story, but I think you will find it worth while.
In the region of which it is my purpose to speak, every town, town, country, and country-village, lay in, or round about, a river; in other words, there were three kinds of rivers: one, which ran from A to the further hills; a second, which ran into the sea, or river of Lund; a third, which ran north-east along the point of the river, and thence, without any apparent cause, on to the sea of Kent.
I only wish to tell the good-will of my enemies, by telling the truth.
I. Censorum of the Academy, in the year of the Emperor Maximilian, of the year of Our Lord one thousand and six, in the year of Our Lord two thousand, I, Gonçalo de las Casas, of the city of Verona
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that, if the conflagration of 1776 had occurred, the situation of America might have been different.
An iceberg looked over the water with some irregularity, but its general shape and almost preternatural character are of certain truth.
When I was fourteen, I thought I had discovered the secret of love.
"This is what you call the dream world," I was told.
By the time he was twenty-one, Charlie Island was a place to be feared.
Samuel Liddell had come ashore first, but the front of the ship was empty.
I stand before you as I have stood before any person on the face of the earth: a tall and thin, neutral-eyed man, with a large and even flabby face, dark hair which, when cut, hung loosely about my shoulders, and a face that was not always cheerful.
The night was dark and the moon was shining in the blue sky.
The first night of his life, Daniel Lavin was jogging through the stables aboard the sea-going Canterbury, and running into the room of a poor, vulnerable old woman who had been married only three years and was keeping their little girl as a slave.
The world is a beautiful place.
When Harry came to America, he asked a question he'd been dreading all his life, and it wasn't actually a question at all, but it had all the qualities of a question.
A blazing star shimmered under the red sky.
Do you know how hard it is for the common man to sell a horse to the highest bidder?
In my late twenties, like anyone else, I began to develop a fascination with how the bodies of those who were famous and powerful in their day looked now, and in their time.
There was a man who is still buried at the bottom of a deep, dark hole in the earth.
The file is gone.
They all knew it when the sun rose over the sea.
This is the story of a man who, having been abandoned and torn from his home, has wandered through the vast wastes of the Lower East Side of Manhattan, with a plughole drawn, a crib tucked under his arm, and a memory of a somewhat past-time life in an apartment with its windows closed and the sound and light of the city below interrupting all thought, and through a haze of dust and muck come to grips with the fact that he is no longer the man he used to be, but a man who has changed into a woman of rather extraordinary appearance and building, who, though a woman of very little activity or influence, has a great deal of money and a considerable amount of influence.
The night was very dark and very cold.
It is said that when the gate at the entrance of the dungeon was opened, there came out from within a young, fat, unkempt woman, with a defined figure, as though she had been conscious of an identity for a long time, and with a face that seemed to have been formed in miniature.
The cat wailed and the dog chittered.
Four years ago tonight an extraordinary thing occurred.
I was caught in a terrible trap.
There was a man, Mose by name, who once read some of the books in the library of the Phorids, and in a languid and sombre atmosphere of thought, thought and consideration, he had perceived the meaning of a number of sentences in them.
The ship had been towed to port by the public, but was still encumbered with all the messengers and certify of its owner.
Friday, September 30rd, 1797.
The sun shone brightly in the town of St. George, the sun of public activity, the sun of public cheer, and the sun of municipal justice.
There was a man on a mountain in the deep mountains of the south of England, the man whose industry was so enriched by his labours, that he was prepared to incur a great loss for the improvement of his fortune; an improvement which was not without its consequences.
Over thirty years afterwards, when he was about fifty years of age, H. M. B. Horkins, who by the grace and care of the British Government was generally known as to the world as Mr. Henry Murray, ended a long and happy career of abstinence, of poverty and obscurity, of a life of misery doomed to be repeated; a life so miserable, that even when he was old enough to feel the slightest inclination of regret, which even now seems impossible, that he should have lived to see a glorious age come to an end, or should have known the dawn of a new and happy world; that it was to be a decay and confusion of things, and a degradation and torture of characters; that he should have such great success in his work, and such great affections and dispositions, as would have been altogether out of proportion to it
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the Republican party is disintegrating."
The sky was a black and red blur as no one looked up from the ground.
"We were originally doing business as lawyers, and not for the name. It was me, (I'm not sure what the P.O.V. stands for this isn't my thing, though), who first came up with the idea of buying a ship and hiring a crew...."
There was the sound of car keys pounding on the door.
The wall of the sun room of the Higginos' mansion looked like a pile of bricks.
In the summer of that year, the unmistakable smell of summer was from the birds.
I had my first ever dream, and it was of a black and dirty cat lying by the water's edge.
"The man at the Vanguard recreated the famed Vortfläse Memorial in his own spare time."
I was thirteen, and my father had proposed marriage.
The morning light was thick.
She sat on her apartment balcony, watching the city of Berlin fall, and pictured the glass-fronted city below.
"It was God who trickled the gifts of life into my body, from the blood of a dead man."
The devil built a tower in the sky until he hit the sea.
On that dreadful October day, when the world turned to ash, when the sun turned to gold dust — speak of tragedy, when the sun is his only friend — one Saturday morning in the summer of 1980, a frail girl named Cynthia Thomas, a school-aged Jewish girl from up north, was walking through a rain-blasted field in the heart of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.
One fine morning, after the sun had set on the Great Smoky Mountains winter season, the town of Mordor was still alive with the scent of burnt tin, and the glowing heat of the burning log.
In the midst of a tangle of towering tall trees and swirling vistas of blue-green creeks and canyons, in the midst and shadow of the great city of Narnia, there stood a filthy little island called Lavinia.
A boy named Michael Crowe was digging his grave.
When the great-grandmother came to the house, the light started to go out.
The first time I heard the sound of a mountain, it was down in the valley of the last great quay, a tiny ten-foot-high stone with a narrow channel and a porthole at one end.
Its clouds were as wide as their hearts.
I am a man who has lived a long time.
I'm afraid I'm going to have to explain.
She had been looking forward to a very long day.
The tower behind the church was carved in the hills.
In the summer of my sophomore year, my father, who was only forty-three years old, did some gardening and bought a little house near the town, which he called Crystal, because it was so pretty and so little.
This is the last of what will be, it seems to me, a large and interminable series of letters.
Several weeks ago I discovered a piece of writing which I have been trying to get my hands on ever since.
The boy in the ocean had five heads and three legs.
The castle was a magnificent edifice, sustaining a hundred and fifty-three tons—a thousand and seven hundred and ninety-two feet.
By the time Julius Caesar had finished destroying the Roman empire in the year 79, he had reduced it to a heap of ruins.
We were going to have three kids.
Without doubt, the only thing more difficult to deal with than truth is irreligion.
The sea fell silent.
In the great hall of the Great Library of Alexandria, in the days when the office was still called the library of the Gamolai, there lived a man who was only twenty-three years old, and was long past death, although his age was not exactly good.
The comet was a boy, but it was small in the sky.
The river Soman, which rose in the direction of the city of Jerusalem, had always been lanky.
The sun darted up, showing its headlight, and glittered like a diamond.
The party left at dawn.
The dog of Ruth's father's house was a small Norseman, and he said he was a good man, though the woman who lived in the house with the dog was just as good as could be expected.
When the Astronomer's son was twelve, he said to the boys of his school, If you want to go into the sky, then do it—as a man ought to do.
The sun is pale and the moon is full of dust.
The smoky air of the smelted plains of Enlil, in the west of the world
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged' that those who studied astronomy for two years were obliged to study it to the very nth day: and it was impossible to expound it without the aid of an archangel.
At the end, when the stars and storks had all fled from the village, and the sun was sinking slowly upon the high green hills of the meadow, the eldest son of one of the most prosperous families of Aldor, in the bleak and barren district of the Thames, went to bed a little early by the fire.
The wood where the sun did not shine was scorched and dark, and the great and deep rivers and streams that ran through the scrub and beneath the trees were little more than dead and mottled masses.
The young man was sitting on the dark wood, looking up at the vast black sky.
On the very day when an ordinary young man should be, at any rate very much at any rate, in want of every material requisite for a comfortable existence, and about to be obliged to leave his childhood home and his family for want of another, he happened to meet, in a car after the usual course of a journey, a child who was neither of his age nor of his nature, but of a disposition, and of a temper, and of a disposition to be of great service to his father—a disposition which he did not then realise, in the least degree, and which was at once incontestable, and which, without any intervention, must eventually acquire such a character of maladjustment as to render the child incapable of perfectly normal calculations, or of practically executing any combination of operations which, it is needless whatsoever to observe, are usually productive of mental exertion.
The sky was alive with a corporeal quality, supple and soft, and penetrating, and moving, and at the same time inscrutably mysterious, and full of life as though living, and for which, either from its own nature or the force of its surroundings, it was unable to escape; an air of life and life of life, as though the world were alive, pervaded with the life of life, and as though it were alive, or at any rate had the figure of life.
The air was dry, clean, and cool, and the only thing that mattered in the world was the ability to get along after dark.
The dinner party was over.
A curtain of haze hung in the distance.
For a fleeting instant, there was an endless sea, a grey and black sea, stretching in all directions towards the stars.
At first dawn, when the sun rose over the western coast of the Thinye Empire, men of means and ability distinguished themselves by the most unexpected of honours—and they generally differed from one another in no respect.
The gilt on the marble walls, the crystal gleaming on the towers, the gold in the moorings of every vessel—as much gold as was required in the year 1500—were a testimony to the high standard of artistic craftsmanship that characterized the city of Soi Zhong, and, indeed, of the entire empire, in which I was born.
The pains of childbirth were a test of strength.
The day I met the person who would become my wife, I was in my room in a little town of the Ho Chi Minh.
You can always count on the housewife.
In the delirious days of my youth, my mother insisted on having me circumcised.
Clare, the girl of twenty, had hoped to become a novelist.
The old red barn was built near the lake, where it was possible to stand still and see the water, and to duck under trees and often look down at the edge of the brink, to get a better view of the farm. 
She was only twenty-one, but could see the future.
I take the trouble of claiming that I am not a maniac.
The first thing which ever happened to me, save an accident, has been a miracle.
The superb dream which once swept across the world, of the happy island of Atlantis, composed of brilliant white sands and crystal clear blue emeralds, and of the peaceful climate of that lovely continent, where the sea snakes which girdled the coconut-tree bordered the great plain, were but a dream.
There is a time that a great man feels himself called upon to plan for the great purpose of the human race.
The dead are not always so dead.
The smell of death, to the naked eye, is an odour that produces a certain degree of dread.
It was a beautiful day in September.
When I am not busy dreaming visions of the sea, or swooping through the air of a dun-coloured land, I am often lying in bed and thinking about the past of my wife, who, in the years that followed the death of my father, had been my companion for many years.

====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the dominant race of men is the Other, that is, the weaker, the less intelligent, the unprofitable, and the leeching classes.
The river Cren of Auroa bore on its banks the name of The Rift; and in that place, where there was no sea, the river ebbed and flowed slowly through the rock of the rift, till, through the narrow channels of the rock, it came to a small bay, where the sea was broad and beautiful, the heat of the sun gentle and sweet to the touch, and where the soft and fluttering of the sea was like a woman's voice, delicate and gentle and sweet and majestic and full of the romance of romance, as if one were speaking of a fairyland.
The sun was setting when Harland Thomas set his eyes on a piece of green stone, that shivered under his hands when he sat upon it.
The wind howled, and the dark sky was filled with the heavy stench of death and despair, and the sound of a thousand voices, each of them a cry for help, that were all crying in the same strange language that was then uttered among the dwarfs of Mordor.
In the land of Salfadon, where men once lived in great numbers and then were a minority.
My name is Oscar 
There were many people who knew of me before I had taken their names; but I suppose I was never more known to them.
I was born in 1128, in the city of Lyons.
I will tell you who the villain of the book is, the man who plotted to kill the last king of Britain.
In the days of my father and mother, they lived a peaceful and happy existence.
The sun had set, but the moon was glowing like a jewel in the moonlight.
In the long run, all great events are decided, and the thing that finally moves the broad course of history—and this, I fancy, is the truth—is this:
The storm has passed, the sky is clear, and we are all sitting down on the beach and savoring the cool breeze, which has come down from the blue and is blowing gently from the Atlantic.
A rabbit appeared from the bush, which was only a bush, but had had a good deal of growth at the top of the trunk.
John Calley was not always known for his talent for music.
A few miles north of the city of St. Mark's, in the valley of the Twins, there was a simple little town, of a little greater extent than St. Mark's, and of which the name of the place was Abbeville, or Abigail's Place, because the poor women who lived there seldom went abroad to the country.
It was a clear, rainy afternoon, and the air was a sweet and good-humored mixture of spring-time condensation and the fragrance of the red pines.
In December, when the autumn leaves were beginning to begin to reveal their first buds, my sister Mary was dying of one of the strange symptoms known in the East as 'the death of the wind'.
When I was thirteen, I was meant to be dead.
"It was the most beautiful sight this side of the Stone Age," said the doctor—He was a tall, lanky gentleman with a high forehead, a close round nose, and a finely defined chin.
The sun had set and the trees were in a state of destruction.
In the fall of '93, the old dog walked down the aisle of the Astor House to the garden, and there sat down on the cobblestones by the window and gazed out at the brier-bed, which was bare and bare again, which had just been fully ploughed, and the pebbled by-growth had been suddenly buried in a heap of grey earth.
When I was eleven years old, I found myself swallowed up by the air, a weight in the hands of an angel, a friend of the poor, a friend of the Lord, a friend of the sick, with whom I have made many a painful and faithful acquaintance; and this, gentlemen, is another painful discovery.
The boars of the Eyrie roamed freely, and when the summer pearly months began to arrive, they was an abundant and happy thing, for they could not, without a difficulty, meet their needs without the help of the men of the House of the Tower.
When my aunt was six years old, she had the privilege of examining my sister Elizabeth, and she said to her, 'You are very pretty.'
A tall, lanky man, with a somewhat hooked nose, a bony chin, and a large, muscular chest, whom I shall call the Doctor at this moment, was standing in the doorway of my room.
It began once upon a warm day in the summer of 1825, with the sudden
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged and universally acknowledged that mothers in Virginia, on account of the want of adequate means of feeding, were employed in the manufacture of daggers, a practice which continued, until the very population of the State was exhausted; and which, in our opinion, was most ruinous to the health of the commonwealth.
Now that it is no longer necessary to proceed further into the subject, I shall confine myself to expressing the general opinion, which I have formed of all the American States, when I thought it expedient to proceed to inquire what was the strict meaning of the phrase, "which is not so well founded a maxim as to be altogether useless as nothing," which, when applied to a State in any particular, should have produced the same result, except, perhaps, that, in some instances, it might have been more convenient to employ the expression, "which is so ill founded as to be altogether useless as nothing," than to apply the expression to a particular State, to ascertain its true situation; and to avoid any reference to any particular mode of life, but to the particular character with which it was characterised, according to the character and disposition of those who governed it.
I have already given a very superficial description of that period in our history, during which those distinguished persons who have been called the Founders of the United States, and who have been responsible for the establishment of our Government, have occupied themselves with such occupations as are neither necessary to the acquisition of knowledge, nor proper to the pursuit of happiness; such occupations as may be supposed to be indifferent to the object, or will, or support of the mind, and to afford no satisfaction to either party.
In the year of Christ, in the year of God, it came about, that Jesus, being come again, was found in the temple; and the gate was wide open, though it was deserted by any who went in there, or were about to go in there.
Gloria had come in time to see Lord Andros afoot, descended from Solomon's house, and seated in the great seat of the house; for it was he who had raised the temple and the Lord's throne, as Solomon had set them; and if I remember rightly, according to the language of the Laws of Moses, Solomon had set his temple is a house-tower, with an arched roof, and the whole court was like a garden; but when Solomon had built the temple and everything else, givens came down from heaven, and founded a house, and a throne, and a name, and the word JESUS in heaven.
The folk of Orkney still remember when Asher the oode-beast first began to haunt the shores of the keel of the manganese-ore, and to harass the little gale-beast with a thousand rattling noises and castled caws from which the game had seldom escaped.
On a certain day, when the sun was at its fifth fullness, when the breezes of summer were blowing like a great storm, and the timbers of the low hills were yet green and peaty, when the misty shore was still a pale grey, and the waters of the bay, though foaming with foam, were still as clear as crystal, and the keen blackened water seemed to gleam as if it were alive, there rose an extraordinary thing, a thing that astonished even the most stolid and contemptible of men. 
On the morning of the first Wednesday in November, a young man by the name of Asher the oode-beast, who had spent his early years in the large city of orkney, set out on a journey of discovery to the east.
The man from the gods — that is, as old as the gods himself— told me that when I left the palace of Akkadai I should find myself aHawke, and a Knight of the Order of the Aventine, and that it was only necessary to choose the proper suit and the right kind of horse; that when I had embarked upon my voyage I should find myself as old as the gods themselves, and that despite my age I should find myself in possession of all the virtues and all the blessings of life, and that I should have the happiness of a perfectly happy future.
The Senate, now in session, had appointed from the beginning of the session two persons to be chosen from among the members, of whom one was a Senator and another a Senator, and the other a Representative and a Representative.
Eliza Ann Beauregard, daughter of Solomon, daughter of Akkadai, had long been the favorite of the court of second wife of Jeoror, and dutiful wife, and companion, and confidant and friend of the Emperor; and the larger part of the women of the community, who, as a rule, were known to be the most respectable people in the district, had been much
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that no part of that ancient and very rich and extensive country, can be so utterly disordered and disconnected, and lie in such disarray and confusion, as that it is impossible to discover an object of any importance, from any part of it, without some trace of the first inhabitants.
When we get to the turn of the century, and start to the next thing, we begin to see what is called "the end of the world", the penultimate stage of the earthly life we are about to enter into.
Danes, the shoals of Uruguay, are the scene of the last perdition.
The squillions of stars that dot the night of June 20, 1782, were only the tip of the immense iceberg of the Great Darkness.
This is the story of my life—of the march, the triumph, and the fall of my father and mother, who were the love of my life.
You know that it was the ice that put an end to the ice-skates, but there never was an ice-skate more beautiful in its beauty; no, more beautiful than ice that melted because some ice had melted first.
The figure of the beast is a monstrous thing, and the air, in its vastness, is filled with its shadows.
We are on the threshold of the end of the world.
The children cried out, "Oh! Lord! Our father!"
One night in March, 1974, the family was having dinner at their dear old house in Martinsdale, a village near Badenoch, in which I was then living.
We are going to start with the cold, and, at first, at no trouble.
In the town, in the village, there lived a young man named Tristram , and the wife of a respectable gentleman.
"What's the matter, Richard?"
It was a warm May morning of that year, in the year 1777, that the great law of thermodynamics, the law of conservation of energy, was first brought into practical application by the ingenious and worthy men of the late sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries.
The city of Paris is in flames.
I have been appointed Secretary-General of the United Nations.
The moon is old-fashioned for its age and, in its day, for all its sophistication.
The woman stood at the edge of the ocean, and the man sat down at the helm of the tiny craft that carried him beyond the horizon of the world.
Papa always told me to take care of money.
It is a happy day in the world of the living when a man takes up a gun like a good GP.
Our first child, born in 1860, is named Tom.
It is a terrible thought that my home country, the United States of America, has gone down to the level of barbarism.
In the year 1843 I was elected President of the United States, and for three years I presided over a highly prosperous republic.
Let me begin by telling you the story of my life.
The Light-Bearers slept naturally in their black-shooting wings.
We were riding toward the gate of the little city, and the sun was shining brightly over the bright sand dunes of the desert.
Every evening in the little town of El Dorado the housewives would be preparing a wonderful supper.
The sun shone in the clear blue sky; it was the best of evenings anyway.
The books of the old ages tell of a city called Terex, of which the cat is said to have lived alone for so many years that he had forgotten his previous name.
Thank God, to me at least, there was simply nothing to fight about.
In a little river in the heart of the desert a fantasy called the Republic was born.
The legend of the Hill of the Moon has survived to this day.
In the day when everything was dead, when man was his only friend, it was thought that the world had gone mad.
There was once a town on the moon, or perhaps in another planet, but the name was lost to history.
The great hall of the council house stood in a group of four, with the tallest and strongest, on either side—the two men who were now Mayor, and the one woman, of course—which historians call the Council.
"You've got to help me."
The quarter-mile square space between the ancient temple of the mamas and the marble city-cloister of the pharaoh was a house of knowledge, in which there were treasures precious to undervalued women.
The brightest fleck of magic fluttered in the hand of the late-night observer.
When it rains, the snow is the same colour as it was yesterday, and when it falls, the same shadow.
In a corner of the earth, a girl named Esther stood, counting the days till the big
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that neither the common peoples of the earth nor the prepossessing nations of Europe, would have obtained their existence had it been otherwise, had it not been for the effort and enterprise of the English.
The man who is to be famous for the last four years of my life in the world, as I have nothing better to do with my time, than to tell you the whole of it, learned me that life is a series of explosions, with a beginning, middle, and end; and that the cause is that every great explosion produces an equal or greater number of smaller ones, which in the course of a long space of years explode into an infinite series of smaller ones, which when each of them has reached its smallest volume, become a very great mass of atoms, or, according to some, of particles; and, at length, into an infinite mass of matter, composed of all the elements of the earth, all their elements, and in all their combinations of all their elements.
The great building, in the valley of the Marmots, was called the House of the Scorpion.
The secret of the Abyss is hot and oily: dust black and white; gasping and bubbling; and it is the part of the mightiest city in the whole universe, where in the midst of all the phantoms of war it seized the chance of using the deadliest of weapons, and the most desperate of circumstances, to bring down the most dreaded of men.
I was born in a little house on a hill, in a little village on a hill.
She who had the voice of a coo.
The Heavens are a place of great wonder and mystery.
Since my youth I have been so fascinated by the fate of men, that I have everywhere been induced to speculate — without any real knowledge of the subjects upon which my conjectures are based, but simply in an effort of imagination, such as I find very easy, and often comfortable, even though I know the answers to all the questions concerning them.
The first time I wondered about the few months' voyage home, I told my sister I'd never had better luck in my life.
The big man stood there, staring at the moon, and the stars, and the sky.
I was born into slavery.
The first question on any man's mind is, "What is the greatest-in-the-world?"
Already there was much talk of war.
One of the most unusual stories that ever occurred in South America was that of a hunter who, during his war with the American Indians, had a dream.
The temperature of the planet, as I understand it, is about fifty degrees Celsius.
The island of Marune, in the Indian Ocean between the Tropic of Cancer and the tip of the Malayan Peninsula, is a small, sandy-coated little island, five miles long, one mile wide, and one hundred and fifty feet long.
The great and powerful city of Palestin, as it was called, lay sweeping in the midst of the sea.
It was a funny dream.
It was a delusion of the mind.
It was a beautiful day then, but it the day after it was over that Princess Katherine died.
It's a small town.
"Please, Professor," said the old woman, "don't cry."
Vincent noted the late rumbling of the sword against the culprit's chest.
When the words of my opera were read, I stared at them with a mixture of terror and hope, and wondered what was expected of me, as a performer.
There was an old man in a back garden, playing the piano, and he had a particularly queer voice.
It is impossible to tell what brought on the war, but as early as I can remember the people in England (and certainly many of the people of France) have been saying that the King compelled it on purpose, and that the war was always planned, and that it commenced suddenly, and that it lasted for many days.
It is not easy to remember what it is like to live in a world of death.
When I was in my twenties, I first heard of the people who called themselves the Holy Mountainers or the Brutes.
When the sun rose that day that changed everything, it was the first of April.
The moon rose in the morning, as a pure white ribbon.
He was sitting in a shallow lake, outside of the town of Cora, lying in wait for the night.
The wind came loud and clear in the camp of the travellers.
High above the stars, in the vast, chamberless sky of Tiber, there stood the emperor, the divine emperor, who was the only emperor whose name was known to man—long, rich, and powerful; his name was Tiberius Aesculapius, and he was the last emperor of Rome.
The sun was shining brightly
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that, as far as the better faculties of the mind go, the whole instrument of mankind is only the product of his own imagination, and that to-day, in spite of all the progress which has been made since then, there is still nothing more certain of a standard of work than the exercise of the imagination.
I am beginning to wonder how any one could have believed that the first Fantastic adventures would ever end.
Tonight is the first day of our present life.
I, the author of this story, am giving the following account of the events leading to the death of my father and of the very strange and tragic death which followed.
At the age of thirteen I went to live with my aunt, Maud, in Chester, where she lived alone and would never see me. 
You may be relieved to know that this story is not a fairy tale, and that I am not exaggerating.
It was a cold day in January in the year 1832.
Laurence is tall and thin, and pale-faced, and not a little gaunt, with a small air of weakness about his face.
I was born in the year 1844, the youngest of six children of a father who had been a tailor.
My father was a man of taste, and of a moderate or inferior point of mind, very much in the way of a gentleman, though not at all so austere as a gentleman. 
The sun rose slowly, and very slowly; a gentle breeze blowing in from the west.
The moon lay barely a speck above the horizon.
I remember my first words, however, as plainly as if they had been written for me.
"Excuse me, but can you tell me where the waterhole is?"
There was a boy named Jim in the great hall of the old University of Rome in the year 1854.
I had lunch one day with one of my old friends, Dr. Edward Arnold, at the disposal of his physiognomy.
The hoofprints of Azima were beginning to grow too familiar.
Bread turned out to be the only food that Bob stole.
I am going to tell you a great secret.
The sun rose slowly, and very slowly; a gentle breeze blowing in from the west.
The air above felt very warm and very quiet, and the wood of the trees seemed to bring the air down to a gentle, even breathable temperature.
It is the first Saturday of the month of April, and when the house was in the early stages of construction, it was perfectly normal for Don and I to be producing one of the most delightful, if peculiar, and perhaps even depressing anecdotes ever told by a man. 
"I wonder," said Darcy, "whether this is the last time anyone is ever going to see you alive." 
The earth was not inhabited before the primal host known to us as the great Ism, buried in the muck beneath the earth in a place called the desert, had awakened to the rich and varied nourishment of man.
On the long and narrow, low, crested walls of the great monastery of the casket, where Lord Auden and Miss Chels see to the maintenance of their buildings, there stood the grave of the pious lady, the
… the vault of the vault. 
The horrors of the first world were not confined to the mountainous regions of Europe or to the north of a very great continent. 
Reafarian Zawrek, an American who knew nothing of the exotic, had been living for some weeks in the alcove of a hotel in the square.
It is a gift of fate that I have kept each day of the year since the death of my father to write this story, which will be of use to those who read it and to those who will write to me.
They lay in the darkness of the morning, little boys and girls, except one, whose name was L.
They lay in the darkness of the morning, little boys and girls, except one, whose name was L.
The orange sun of the warm summer day shone bright in the garden of a rented house, where the chickens cooed and the lard-odds howled, and where the housewife made her tea in the heat of the summer.
The ship was anchored in marina Porta and public, where the posts, armed with lances and shields, stood ready to meet any ship that might reach the port with men on board.
"Good to see you again!"
When Eve heard of the mortal being called Christ, she believed it.
The March of the Martyrs began, as any sensible mind would, on the last day of July, and it was a very cold day for the weather.
There was once a boy named Louis, who was five years old.
When I think of the youngest of my family, I usually
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the mere existence of an employer is a source of great anxiety to many.
"In a world where there was never prolonged struggle to rule a man, most of the wars of the past, and in some cases even of the present, were fought over the question of the representatives of the community, or, in the phrase which is still in use in our country, 'billions of representatives at the moment.'"
Lizzie, the little girl, with the long brown hair and blue eyes, was sitting by the fire in the dark, when the doctor came down the stairs.
The grayhouse was a very big house, and the sun shone light across the ground floor walk, with the shadow of the great house looming high on every side.
"What does it matter to you, John?"
I was on the road again, still old and heavy and in need of a good workout, when I saw a man in a dark and dusty suit walk through a field of wheat, looking down on a blackened patch of land.
First comes the journey, that is the origin of the desire.
The church of the IVth psalon was small and ramshackle.
"No more! There is nothing to be done! Heaven is a powerful, silent place and it will at last find its way to you, just like it did to me."
The sun has set in the north, but the desert night winds on.
"I hear the sun is about to rise," the doctor said.
The poor boy, the boy with the broken leg, the boy with the twisted toe, who was strung out beneath the rubble of a burnt down city in the middle of the night, was in the dark.
The next morning the first thing he realized was that he was not in his bed.
"That's a problem."
One boy in a tight blue T-shirt, tights and sandals, stood in front of the fridge, which was crammed with a pack of cigarettes and a plastic bag full of baby powder.
The temple had been destroyed by an earthquake, a thing that had happened many times in the old days, and was no longer unusual.
The sun was shining brightly over the small remains of the old city, and the occasional buildings in its streets.
The herd of buffalo had disappeared from the plains long ago, but the land had unquestionably changed.
"Here we are, boys," the doctor said.
However we may have looked at it, the earth was flat.
The first thing I remember clearly is running up the tree through the gate, feeling the weight of everything in its heyday.
After the third half of the seven-day journey, my wooden reed stool in the tent was empty, and I lay down on the grass, leaning against the wall of the tent.
"You came at the end of the year, didn't you?"
In the town of Renouille, in the province of Burgundy, there lived a man named De Stael.
We had no money when the car ran over the girl's head.
What is the greatest crime in the history of mankind?
The cardboard route ledger-board was covered with maps and notes, some of them less than three inches long.
Might as well start there, it is absolutely what the patient needs to know, and what is generally the rule of thumb.
The arrival of the ship at Rune to find that the ship had come to the aid of a doomed race of elves, was said to have been the final blow to the race of the elves.
The family was called the Dead.
The piano was on the table, and the glass across from it had a view of the lake beyond.
The great stone door of my room, which I know nothing of, was always ajar.
For a long time I had been in love.
The boy who was most like me in every respect was born into a rock-cut family, the youngest of eight.
"The remaining two hours are ours," said my mother.
When the first man was killed in the third season of the War of the Ring, the king's counselors came to consult with him.
In three days, and two frigid nights, he lay awake in the morning, considering choices for the future.
The wonderful and happy life I lead is the foremost object of my mind.
The spotlight of the rivers upon the tents of the herding-folk of the aboriginal nations of the West, when the sun shone like gold and the helpless sheep scrambled and smothered in the dust, was like a mirror to the minds of the people.
The world is the greatest, and most dangerous game in existence, for it is in its nature to give way before the mightiest, and most complex, and dangerous objects.
The man who wrote the History of the Ancients has merely scratched the surface of the subject.

====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the pursuit of truth is an arduous and laborious business that most men are unwilling to undertake—a curious fact, for it is the sole object of human industry to find out the truth. I should be tempted, indeed, to say that mankind has expended so much of its general effort upon the study of truth, that this species of science has reached a cuckoo's-catch-you-with-a-fire-engine sort of state; that it has reached a minimum level of knowledge that it is not in a position to supersede; and that the only thing it will ever succeed in accomplishing is to raise the bar of knowledge to a level at which it will be impossible to achieve anything else.
A week before her twenty-fifth birthday, Mrs. Elsie Atherton Dyson, widow of Alexander 'Camellian' Dyson, master of the Monessen monasteries, was walking across the Seine towards the Orient, when a man in a mask, bearing in his arms a small child, entered her way, demanding her life.
I was born in the year 1883, in a village in the Vosges, in the province of West-Morsa, with the name of M. S. Jowett. 
I was born in the year 1837, in the borough of Isenes, in the parish of St. Andrews, of the daughter of the farmer of the same name, who died, without children, when I was seven years old, without the least difficulty.
The square of the Weimar Palace, which lies in the midst of a large park of green meadows, overlooking the old town, is marked by its turrets and lofty spires.
The first time I see my father, I am in the midst of a revolution. 
The ground was hot, and the rain had come down hard, but the night was bright enough to watch the flames burn.
A dark, wind-swept moon shone on the barren, stone and mortar streets of the old city, and the throng of crowds that had gathered in front of the palace were as silent as a burial chamber.
There was once a man, Mr. Hugo de Crecy.
The bridegroom was tall, slim, and green-eyed, with the face of an Englishman, though his features were marked with a fine complexion and rich hair, which he was proud to have.
A cutting-room window on a cold Friday, and evening air, and a truck in the middle of nowhere, and the sound of the the thud of the snow on the plains beyond, and the mountain crag rising and falling, and the cool breeze blowing against the windows, and as the shadows lengthened and the sun began to set, the frightened, frightened little Mr. Troilus Fox felt his heart begin to beat irregularly with the excitement of anticipation.
I am convinced that my life would have been far more interesting and important and satisfactory if I had never become involved with a large family of girls.
Once upon a time, my grandfather said, there was a rose that rose from a field of thistles in the woods of a place called Tonal, seven miles above the sea.
The palace of Huitzilopochtli had once been the palace of the king of Hebe, but when the king became dead the place was called The Palace of the Days of the End of the World.
Beneath the sand and the sandstone of the desert, where the wind howls and cries, a generation ago a fair maiden of eighteen years old had her destiny.
There is a story in every language, but it is always the same.
One day when I was two years old, my grandfather told me about a dinosaur that lived in the center of a large desert.
The universe is the greatest love story ever told.
There had been a flood in the summer of '98.
In a small town in the West Virginia foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains, a young man named John Thomas was preparing for the High School entrance exams.
There is a thought in my mind that always comes on a really big day.
If you go to a temple and die, you'll go to heaven.
It was a cold, rain-laden morning in March of 1678.
At the time of melius' death, the planet was fifty-five million times as old as we are, and had consumed a billion stars.
After the battle of Towin, the whole world stood still.
Jump to the mission table and pick up your gear.
"I had hoped you were approaching, but a little before sunrise I heard you in the yard with your horse and mare."
I was born in a time when men called a girl "a man-of-war."
I had a dream once, and it was something that I shall never forget.
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the mortality of the good is greater than the mortality of the bad.
"It seems that."
Everything I have said up to this point has been true to the best of my knowledge and belief.
If I was a scientist, I would sit through lectures on molecular mechanics.
On August 26, the solar system was at a standstill.
Less than a week before his death, the historian and great-grandson of Albert Einstein, who had been President of the American Institute of Physics, published a book, "The Technicolor Age."
The day was extremely dark, the wind blowing heavy and sickle-black.
Insane, the first thought in any Englishman's head was, What the hell?
The moon shone through the open green of the Toutes-Cours, and the distant stars still glittered faintly against the silver-blue sky.
Only a few feet above the dusty boards of communication towers, and the last of the towers that rose in the distance still stood, all of them with their distinctive spires and their distinctive windows.
When the sound of the opening gun shot began, Katya lifted her head from the wet little pourestes and, as usual, saw only the small black dot of the black machine pistol.
Behind the transparent glass of her room a figure was moving.
The great machine that was the world was only the center of the universe, its frequencies being stretched, its spatial dimensions contracting, its mathematical form by the same amount, and, in the absence of any external force, the same thing.
The best of my abilities lie with the writing: I have written a novel and a play, and hundreds of pages of short stories.
The large circular tower, the flagship of the Empire, rested on the surface of the world, and its arched windows displayed the highest standards of luxury and splendor.
In the months immediately following the final victory of the Reformation for the whole of Europe, the cathedral, with its huge cathedral window, was the scene of all the most wonderful and scandalous transactions.
I had been in London for nine months at the end of which I had not consumed more than an hour's coffee with one of the streets being too busy to be occupied with anything else.
I was sitting down with my wife, in the hotel, the first time anyone had ransacked my room and taken whatever they had of it, when a man came in with a large garter-belt, tightly fastened over her mouth, and a small corset which encircled her upper breast.
In the first year of the reign of Henry the Eighth, the second Earl of Devon, a certain Prince of Denmark, came to England, king in all his court, and, with the approval of his mother, lord-mother, in all her influence, etc., as it appeared to me at the time, by whatever name he was called, he was elected Lord Lieutenant of the Army of the realm of Suffolk.
The travellers of the moon, who made their way through the dark clouds of the north, seemed to be guided by a clear but painful vision.
The house which the traveller had seen stood in the county of Dorset, in the county of Surrey.
He who was to inherit the world had once more been chosen by magic.
There was once a family of priests who had been living in a remote and remote place for many years.
A young man, with grey eyes, gray hair, and a long face, was doing his homework.
I have heard of the Bride of the Deathless, or the Bride of Francis of Assisi, who wrote a book entitled The Book of the Immaculate Conception, and was about to publish it, when she was kidnapped by a group of men who wanted her for a monastic nun.
In the year 1682, when the kingdom of Florence was flourishing, a nun, aged thirty-five, was living in a town on the river Como.
The smoke of the city in the extreme north was respectable, but most people of that time did not know about the horrors which were going on in the cities of the city.
I am a doctor, and am of opinion, that a bad and a deadly disease, if not prevented, will soon overtake the world.
My lord, I have ruled all so long that I have not the least conception of the subject, because, while I have been in the army, I have seen no thing but rage and fear on every side.
The girl was dancing in the garden.
A year and a half ago, I was engaged to live with and raise a family of three, and I was preparing to begin the last of our return journey, which I shall relate in the sequel of this article, when I happened to be engaged at the time, and that was the cause of my late silence, and my apprehension of loss.
A ship with a
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that all manner of qualities are not of so untidy a character that alone they may be presumed to derive from the animality of animals.'
Here's a short piece I did on the subject of the market and trade in general, and of the splendour of it. I am going to begin it, because I am a man of good sense; because I think that it would perform more good for me, especially in the matter of the market and trade in general, than would any of the others; and because I might possibly find some advantage in it to be derived from some of the particulars I am about to mention.
Moisture is such a terror to the eye that, when I was a child, I had a bad dream in which I had a nightmare as dreadful as any other nightmare ever had been.
It was a moving day when the dogs of war were hoisting the red banner of the reorganized German army over the grave of Admiral Dragabor one of the islands of the South Seas, and the signal for the blowing up of the German capital had been sounded.
I believe that the first time I saw my father, he was standing on the mesa of the Aventine on the edge of the Mojave desert, in the summer of 1847.
It is a sea of blackness and death, and the sky is a mystery.
All the way into the world, it would seem, the world is as if it had never been.
Children are born to die, for they die a horrible death, and as their grandfathers had taught them, so they too die a very terrible death.
I lay alone and silent in my room, checking for the first time in a long time that I was not dreaming.
When the temple doors open and the first of the pilgrims enter, the villagers of far-off Hemlockwood are still gathering in their great cities, with their talismans, their calustis, their velvet robes, and their gold chains.
The sky opened over the skies of Aeyran.
On a small, rocky island, in the midst of the island of Hythe, in this small, lonely, unincorporated corner of the sea, there lived a man named Borland, who had been captured by the vaunted crew of the Yavanna, the most powerful merchant ship in the world.
The world had just been brought to an end.
MARIUS NOVICE, MAIN WITNESS ASKING DIRECT QUESTION, ORDER OF SERVICE, AND COMPLAINT, DURING THE TRIAL, AND AMENDED IN ADJUNCTION, AND IS HEREIDENTIFIED AND EXCHANGED.
The night was burning hot.
Holy shit.
In the first gross months of the year of 1186, in the year of the rediscovery of the alabaster cargo, six priests, in the name of the church and of the people, and of the Apostolic See, with the exception of the latter, when they were bound by the same solemn oath, to depart from their respective regions, and have the good pleasure of seeing the holy city of Rome and its holy grail, for which they were certain to pay a tithe of the goods of the city and of the city's possessions, in full according to the decrees of the Apostolical See, and with the permission of the senate, they undertook to go to the country not far distant, and to visit the holy city of Rome, that they might have the pleasure of beholding the parts which were there, and to learn concerning them some things which they had been taught, in the church and in the government of the church and of the people.
There was once where you could still see the sea.
In the year of 1232, during the reign of Henry IV., two divers were presented with an extraordinary and profitable opportunity: the Duke of Orkney, and the Duke of Clavemore, and King's Bench, and the islands called Averil and Bega, and some good shop-owners, and a very rich and honoured patron of the royal house.
It was a dark and stormy night when these strangers of their society had to burden themselves with the negroes of the city of London.
Two years ago, when my brother and I were children, my father and mother, my parents, throwing away everything they had except death and the bitterest hurt in order to get us into the country, brought us to a place called Orkney.
It began with a little baby.
No one really knows exactly when the time period began, but it probably began several thousand years ago.
To begin with, I am a child.
I am still going through the more than twenty-seven pages and notes of my notes book.
When I was sixteen, my father took me away to go to England.
Before I knew what a trap it was, I was always on
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that, while the world is so large, and so complex, and so intricately connected, that no single phenomenon can be described in a single word, and no number of facts can be made out of them,, it is impossible, that a person should ever arrive at a distinct idea of the nature of his own mind.
"I have been told.", said the Narrator, "that I have painted the deepest, most captivating and most fire-breathing volumes of the world, in the interest of science and truth.
There are many things that are nothing, and that sometimes we do not even know what they are.
One morning, some months ago, Mr. John Keck as they called him, arose early, and found that he was not, in fact, any longer a boy of six or seven, but a man of forty-six.
Sometimes the playgoer says, "How are you?"
The case of the ruffian who tried to kill Sir Waldemar the Strong is a curious one.
In the year of our Lord 2189, an unseasonable north wind blew from the west, blowing all winter and all along the coast of Scotland, which, in later years, was known to all travellers, as the "Sea of Stillwater."
He was a waking nightmare, a sinewy man of sixty-one, with a face of ruddy freckles and a beard of gray-white like that of a sella.
It is a cool November day in London, and I am sitting in the park with my partner, Anne, and we are talking about the fall season, when the city has its most abundant harvest.
Here's the story of what I've been going through since my mother died, and how she got on my nerves, and changed my life.
The steerswoman's gunner turned her turret sideways and fired away.
When the ship turned and turned and turned again on the water, the men of the crew would always tell of the wild seas beyond the stern.
The sky was hazy with stars, their glow dim and cold against the gray, blue-green water—the light of the great Himalayas.
I was inside the throne room, and the clock on the wall read eight minutes to five.
The most important political matter of the day was coming, and the President and the Joint Chiefs of Staff were sitting on their feet in the dark.
It is a long story.
I was born in a small town, of an Irish stock, near Trinity, in the district of O'Connor.
It was a day which certainly should have been otherwise; but for the freshness of the weather.
It was between six and eight o'clock, and the sun was taking a severe turn for the worse.
The third game of the day was over.
"We're trying to find a town of the same name for the road.  I'm going to have to make a detour."
I was born in India.
At the end of the first world war, the British High Command ordered the evacuation of the capital of most of the nations of the world and of their principal department.
The Senate of the United States was elected in the year 1868, and the President was elected in the year 1869, to serve four terms.
I was born in an apartment which, from the minute it was built, had been designed by the same architects, who had designed the apartment in which my father had lived for many years before they had divided it among the members of their family.
It is said that every field in the world has its mermaids; but it is impossible to prove this without exploring the whole ocean.
The "flying Dutchman" had landed from Roudato in the bay of St. Mark's with a large cargo of corn.
I have always been fond of my wife's eyes.
It is difficult to describe to you all what it is that is going on in our family; but I should be compelled to do it, if I could go on writing it.
I don't know where I am going, but I don't care where I am going.
Some years ago the very pictures which were so delightfully enchanting when I was a boy began to disgust me.
My father, Ralph A. Hurlbut, was a man of distinction of wealth and station, who had been the president of the University of Pennsylvania for five years.
I am sure that the reader will find that this is a story of extraordinary importance. 
I shall tell it, as they say, in a book; for they tell it best; in which I shall insert the events which are connected with the "First Book" of the Bible.
In the year 1872—the year when the Presidency of the Republic was in danger—I was elected president of the United States, for a
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that, from the first day that a free people, having formed a government, has any business whatever to do with a foreign power, the object is to maintain its neutrality, and to avoid all suspicions whatever, whatever may arise from the excessive importance which might accrue to its foreign relations, and to the want of whatever was requisite to enable it to meet all its wants with the greatest circumspection; and consequently to render itself secure against every invasion; and, in fact, it is true to say that its neutrality has been irrevocably broken down, for whatever may have been the cause, to its neutrality has been sacrificed, and beyond doubt its quiet has been lost.
A man of the world, what do you think?
When the weeks had passed away, my husband—of whom I have spoken before—was in a bad way of health, but he knew that he could not escape the necessity of doing something about it.
Dr. Samburu and I were sitting in the cool cool Hall, one evening, when, suddenly, we heard the thud of some one else's footsteps approaching, and knew immediately that it was the man who had knocked on the cool door that morning.
The wind howls and rustling brush.
He was sitting in the front seat of the rare car that Jack always liked, with the windows rolled up and the sun shining on his face, but he knew that he was a menace until he actually saw it, a very painful thing indeed.
His name was Richard the Third, a great king, and his name was not Edmund.
We are, of course, talking here about a beautiful country house on a quiet street in a Queens neighbourhood that is not far from the river.
It's a dark house in a quiet park, but just the same, it's not very quiet.
The sky is full of stars.
In the House of Lords of Scotland, on a black, broad day in March, at the end of the fourth and final session of the Fifty-fourth Session (a.d. 1638), that little nation of people known as the Borrely Islands, that particular island belonging only to that particular house, and that particular county, and that particular parish, and of all countries that there might be, was represented a committee of two, containing some gentlemen of considerable standing, and others of comparatively insignificant means; and this committee was called the Committee on the Board of the National Library; and, in the course of the work of the committee it was discovered, that there was a certain gentleman, entitled Mr. William Fahey, who was then in possession of a certain book, entitled "Historiae antiquitatum antiquitatem," which, in the ordinary course of things, was proper to the quality, or the character, of a book, in the sphere of Antiquity, or of antiquities; and this book, as it are, of a particular character, and possessing particular defects, was the book entitled "The Book of the Antiquities of the Borrely Islands" or "The Book of the Antiquities of the Borrely Islands," and which was published by Mr. William Fahey, of Bethnew, in the county of Bredan, in the year of our Lord, 1637, and in the year of our Lord 1641, and in the year of our Lord 1641.
In early June, 1642, the most violent tempest of the year, so called, in which volcanoes and chimneys rover in all parts of the country, broke out in the province of Clariens, of the province of Ireland.
In the year 1645, at the close of which I have written my history, there appeared, in England, a letter from the governor of the province of Orkney, in the year 1642, addressed to Lord Northborough, Lord of Orkney, asking for information concerning the course of the war, which had been renewed during the last ten years.
There were many occasions in the course of my life when I thought I should find along the road to living a happy life.
In the midst of the great ancient civilizations, some of which still survive, there lived, among the lesser of them, some of which have been mentioned in the preceding pages, or have been referred to in the books of history which I may mention; there lived, amongst the greater of them, some of whom have been mentioned here, and some elsewhere; there lived, amongst the lesser of them, some of which have been mentioned by the writers of history, some of whose names have already appeared or are mentioned in the books of the same writer, by several different authors; there lived, amongst the greater of them, some of whom have been already mentioned in history, some of whom have not been mentioned; there lived, among the greater of them, one of whom, called the Last, or the last of all, was a man of extremely ancient years
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged by every one of us that those who undertake the difficulty, or rather the labor, of escaping into obscurity of a not very distant country, are by some means employed in some of the business of that country; and that, in a word, they are engaged in the business of the country, and not merely as private citizens, or as persons of fortune, or employers, but as public officers, and, most especially, as representatives of the state, to whose favor they are pledged, or have been pledged by the laws of the land, by which they have been legally bound to contribute towards its support.
When the Cuyahoga was once more settled, Mr. Claxton, Governor of Erie, was moved with grief to go to a new labors, where he thought he would find greater freedom, and a more favourable environment for industry.
"I have the honor to introduce," said the president; "to the amendment which I propose to offer to the act of Congress which provides for a speedy trial."
It was during Taylor's most celebrated career, and the last of the old I toils in obscurity, that his genius and prudence gave him the means to triumph over rival ambition, and to divide the whole fortune.
Commerce, said the narrator of the life, is undoubtedly one of the most important branches of the human kingdom.
The war between England and France ended in a single day.
The coast was blue and the great coves were full of the sea, sparkling bright against the starry background of the distant trees.
The ship Talisam had been anchored at Elize Isle, in the province of the Isle of Jory, for some months, when the people at Port Dover, for the second time, had risen in alarm.
The steps that led from the docks to the Captain's cabin were steep and perilous.
In the city of all places, in the town of a city—in the grand city of a city, that is, in some very large, or citadel-like building—in the vast, polished city of that name—the ghost of M. de la Polete, so famous in London—walks, or more correctly speaks, walks, or rather, he walks—a ghost, so famous in London, that in its own times, and in those days when it was a mighty city, it was called the City that Lived, or the City of the Living; that there was no longer any king, or emperor, or empress, or any of the pomp of the world, it was only a rogue, a vagabond, or an idiot, who lived without any means of support, and often without any means of subsistence, as he had lived in a state of constant irresolution; and would, with impunity, make any thing he liked, or anything that he thought worth a damn, or anything that pleased him, or any thing whatever that would please him.
The farmer's daughter, yearly engaged in the service of the city, had long been neglected except by her parents, and had lately begun to be considered by her friends and relatives as the noblechild of a wealthy and pretty lady.
The chameleons, which occasionally attracted the notice of the hunters, had been historically taken for some time to be very troublesome and troublesome animals.
Possibly it was the dead of night, when the tumbling shadow of the ship drifted through the darkness of the night, that Alva de Warstein found herself standing before the vessel's stern.
In this day of constant travel, it is not surprising that research is at a standstill, as we find from the notes and journals of our predecessors.
To those who are acquainted with the subject of Archimedes, these pages will serve to lead them to some further consideration, in regard to the most extraordinary and fascinating operations of that remarkable man.
The protagonist was a boy of fifteen.
They call the absurd the only sane thing.
It was the first day of the middle of the nineteenth century, in a district of London still called Clerkenwell; that is, till the clouds of the fabulous cloud-mists parted and the air became clear.
On the 20th of April, 1769, Stephen Pym, an aeronautical man of science, published a book entitled A Practical Schedule of Underwater Canoes, in the Service of the Navigating Craft of the Royal Navy, published at London, with a very reasonable estimate of the weight of the volumes, containing a volume of charts; a catalogue of the boats in use, with their combinations of engine, and lines of navigation; with a whole book of these instruments; and a volume of diagrams, for the use of the navigator; and with another book of them, containing a series of tables and tables of those inventions, which are found in the service of the Navy; all indexed, and marked by the laws of navigation.
The music was very loud and clear
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the last few years of the nineteenth century were of intense interest and attention. Many of the events that I have just described have been of consequence to the conduct of the individual, and they have been attended with many difficulties and inconveniences to his family and friends.
Camp.
It is a sad and melancholy business.
It is a delusion to suppose that all honourable men live in regret, or they might do what was just.
Bimbos were always elusive, always lurking, always shooting.
It was sixty-one years ago - the year when the English gods made the first run for the crown - that a great earthquake ravaged the state of Bavaria.
Niels Bohr saw a shadow when he went into a department store.
It was late one morning and the bright sun was shining brilliantly. 
Should I be writing a story about my father's death?
The librarian in my class turned the last few pages of my nautical mystery to his right.
You would be hard pressed to find a word in the English language that evokes as much joy as "cowardly," or "spy," or "traitor," or, perhaps, "coward."
When the first ship arrived in the harbor of Yokohama, on April the fifth, 1904, she was full of tourists and the smell of the sea.
"Thank you," said Alva and the milkmaid, as the ship made its slow way down the harbor to San Francisco.
It was Th Vierk that first told me about the city of Jerusalem, a city of many names, but it was in the North of Ireland, where the land was lovelier than the southern part, that I first heard of the city of David.
I am now to write the story of my life, which is not a story of events. 
I was born in an orphanage just outside of Moscow, and though I must have been over ten years old at the time of my death, I still remember the first time I saw the old man on the street.
Lord, whose hand is it that's shaking the rocks of Oyster Bay?
To the west of the great city of Prague, in what remains of the territory which, under the reign of the Prussian kings, had been settled by the Lutheran clergy, and under the official control of the Prussian Emperor Nicolas II, there was a fortified town, square, and bar, called the town of Prague.
I am writing this in the month of May.
In the year 1746, in a letter which I have already seen in the hands of Madame de Pera, the daughter of the Marquis de Pera, the Duc d'Este, and the wife of the Marquis de Pera, whose father had been then the Marquis de Pera, I have written to you in the year 1746, that your Excellency, the King, had proclaimed a new and important Act of the Exchequer, which granted a large sum of Money to the City of London, by way of contribution and indemnity for the injuries done it in the year 1747, by King Charles I's murder of the Earl of Monmouth, for which a great many persons were injured; and that the City of London, through the concurrence of my Excellency, had been spared the distress and expense which the loss of England occasioned it; to which also the Act was referred, when it was finally passed, as follows:—That, as there were still hostile relations which existed between the King of France, and those of the United Kingdom, it was necessary to take expence to restore peace, and tranquillity to both countries; it was lawful, to the extent of such expence, as was necessary for the secure maintenance of the peace, and the tranquillity of both countries, and to maintain the public tranquillity, it was lawful to lay all the charges against the King, and the crown, or any of them, at the bar of the said court.
There used to be a big house on a hill, on the first thing, on the great Isle of Wight.
I have always loved a good mystery.
I have always been fond of the garden where the wildflowers grow in the summer, and in which the flowers exchange colour for gold in the light of the sun.
Lo, came the dispersed boom of the jets that are the lifeblood of the great international commerce that we call the American port of Manila.
It was a silent night, and it was in the Philippines, where, in the year 1832, a band of political revolutionaries arose, and made a stand against their government by force, riot, and murder.
The man sitting alone in the window of the house in the Gevaláñkaste, who was trying to decide whether to do anything about the man in the driver's seat of the car that
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that to take an active part in the political and social affairs of a state, or something similar, is to enter into a state of destiny. It was, and is, the duty of the state to keep an eye on the lives of its citizens, and to place them in a position to make choices based upon the good sense of their hearts. It might even be imagined that the Government, or some of the more powerful bodies which it controlled, had some fixed and unchanging purpose in view, and that the great features of the condition of the commonwealth were governed by an unchangeable rule, which it was for the good of the entire community to observe.
When Marcus raised his eyes to the black-clad figures in the midst of the crowd, he was no doubt making a mental note of what Alucard had said.
This is the story of the lie.
Aria thought of the cat — a tall, fat, almost white cat — that hung over the lower levels of Alexandria's most powerful residences.
Toward the end of the nineteenth century, Sir John Hunt, Professor of Mathematics and Astrophysics at the University of Cambridge, realised that everything in the universe had a beginning.
The door of the Victorian apartment at 11th and Main had been open a few minutes when the next gust of day breeze blew it open.
By the time the train pulled into the station at the end of the afternoon rush hour, it should have been obvious that the place was all right.
The oh-so-beautiful heart of Denmark, the most beautiful Scandinavian country, lay within a stone's throw, on the other side of the Baltic, from which such balmy and boisterous weather as gave the southern coast its name might well have been expected to spring.
A most delightful summer day.
St. George's candlelight vigil was interrupted by the heavy footsteps of a train, which, it was rumoured, was carrying the Lady Olivet of the Church of the Holy Trinity, to whom the convent was known, and who, it was said, had been present when her brother, John Fitch, had his last Communion.
The livery man, in the newspaper, having described the pretty, pretty girl with the haughty air of one who had gotten a little too much of it, had remarked that she had an eloquent, ready-made speaking voice, with an air of unswerving intensity.
On a weightier day than the one to come, Duke Alexander of Aberdeen sat down with his counselors in the Research Department of the Department of Naval Science and was endeavoring to formulate the most peaceful and effective means of secure securing for his beloved province the supreme glory and honor as a possession of the United States.
I have always thought every man that gets into the saloon, if he can, is a very dirty, dirty lad.
When I was ten years old and to a good childhood I had as Montague, in the act of buying a pair of shoes, a pair of boots, or somewhat of all things, a bag of cotton cloth.
The great man was calling, hoping to get a word from me.
The forest was overgrown with tall new evergreens, the breath of the air of the great forest, and the cool gray sky of Mount Argyll, not to speak of the great mountain ranges of the West, so majestic in their features that they might have been the frontiers of the earth.
The dog leapt up on the high stone steps, and barked and barked.
This story begins in the city of Sion, in the city of Sion.
"There's no need to be all heavy, Mr. President," said the head of the American Legion.
The great pressure-ugly blob of a boy was standing on the top of a seven-story building; he was six feet six inches tall, and weighed an enormous two hundred and ninety-five pounds.
The cellar was, of course, all right.
The evening was bleak and wet, and that was probably the easiest way to put it.
I was walking home from school one day quietly, carrying my bag in my arms.
The crow was heard low over the deep, dark plain.
"It was Mr. Michel, the French mathematician, who first proposed the first general theory of kinematics, shortly after the introduction of the compass in the year 1784.
While I have never been good at all manners and at all occupations, besides being a brute, I have always been very fond of women.
They say you can't beat the weather.
There is a legend of a man named Cercinus who was born in 1158 to two younger brothers, and who died in 1084.
Asterius the United States patriot, a man of letters, a generous man, who did absolutely nothing, save give his life, was born on May 4, in what is
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that there is no good who has not had at the beginning a voluptuous body and a plenty of the sensual; that there is no man who has not also borne, or at least hinted at, a freely distributed temper; that there is no man who has not had a dear wife and a hot babeship, or a faithful and affectionate house; that there is no man who has not had two or three children who, though born, are yet yet quite old; that there is no man who has not had a prosperous or comfortable house; that he has not had the misfortune to have been born into a world of riches and immensities; that he has not had the misfortune to have been born into a life of easy circumstances; that he has not had the misfortune to have been born to an immense fortune; that he has not acquired all that is desirable in his station (see p. 270); that he has attained to the level of a middle-class man, with a large family and a friendly and sensible disposition; that he has acquired great affluence; that he has had some afflictions; and that, although he has often suffered greatly, yet he has always found a light at the end of the tunnel.
It is a truth universally acknowledged that there is no good who has not had at the beginning a voluptuous body and a plenty of the sensual; that there is no man who has not also borne, or: hinted at, at a freely distributed temper; that there is no man who has not also borne, or at all events hinted at at a freely distributed temper; that there is neither a man nor a woman who does not have a dear and a hot wife, or a faithful and affectionate house, or a faithful and affectionate house; that she has had, or at all events hinted at, at most, two or three children, or has had a faithful and affectionate husband; that there is no man who has not also had a dear wife and a hot babe, or a faithful, affectionate house; that he has had two or three children, or at all events has borne, or had a faithful and affectionate wife, or a faithful and affectionate wife; that she has had at all events, or at all events, had a dear and a hot babeship, a faithful and affectionate house; that she has had a good and a poor house, or a house of carelessness, or a house of distress; or, in short, had a house of mortal making; that she had a mother, a father, and two or three children; or, in short, had had no other house; that not only was it sufficient that she should have children, but that she should be faithful in them for a long time; and that she should apply herself to the service of God, and to that of others; or, in short, that she should have all the morals which are requisite for a good and honorable citizen; also that she should be merciful and courteous to all her friends and inferiors; and that she should be a good and virtuous servant, if possible: or, that she should adopt in her person the character or appearance of a woman, and marry a man a good and respectable man, or a respectable man; and that she should have a friends either to her wife, or to her children; or, in short, a good and a noble name; and that I should be justified in supposing that the best part of my life was essentially spent in the service of God:
It is a truth universally acknowledged that there is no good who has not had at the beginning a voluptuous body and a plenty of the sensual; that there is no man who has not also borne, or one hinted at, at a freely distributed temper; that there is no man who has not had. or had at a deeply sensuously sensuously agitated temper, or at a temperament, in which he is enabled to acknowledge, and yet to understand, powers and states of mind which may compass his own existence and do not deviate so much from those of others, as disdains to do.
It may be necessary to state briefly what we mean by the term voluptuous, or voluptuous.
It is a truth universally acknowledged that there is no good who has not had at the beginning a voluptuous body and a plenty of the sensual; that there is no man who has not also borne, or hinted at, at a freely distributed temper,----that there is no man who has not also borne, or, at all events, hinted at, at a freely dispersed temper; that there is neither a man nor a woman who does not have a dear and a hot wife, or a faithful and affectionate house, or a faithful and affectionate house; that she has had, or has had, or at all events hinted at at most, two or three children,
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that a man of ambition is either the wisest politician he knows to be… or the wisest man who ever lived.
The moon is well off its usual solar system.
It's on Sunday, and I'm driving myself to my 2:2 yoga class but it's not the best of days for me.
The sun shines in the summer months, but not as bright as it always did.
I have always been the type of person to have them remember me and to tell my family I was there.
George was living in the end of the year in a house in a nice neighborhood in the South.
But they were not worried.
It was the day of the great war. 
Sometimes you just have to wake up and go for broke.
The day I decided to bring the apocalypse to the world was the first day my pornstar boyfriend arrived.
He was wearing a black t-shirt with a huge chicken emblazoned on the front and the word ‘BEGINEDNOW’ written across the chest.
It is living in a time of great need.
This is where I start.
I am the only survivor of a world sea murdered by a single human mother.
This is the story of how I learned to love the dark.
I am sending this story as an email message to all my friends.
The sun is shining bright.
This is the tale of a man who lost his mother in a plane crash.
It is the end of the world, and they're taking it very, very well.
I am a man who, as a matter of course, was late for his appointment with the nun.
I was born on the first Monday of July.
The greatest of heroes is the greatest of criminals.
I had the good luck to be born on a street where the sun rose early and the first flakes of snow fell hard, and where, for a brief instant, it seemed the wind was about to blow away the whole earth.
The man in the black cloak was standing on a clearing in the ground, dusty and broken.
In the dawn of the New World, a young man named Ptolemy was wandering the coast of the Pacific Ocean.
The moon being white at the time of the carving, our view of it is obstructed by the blackness of the moon and the flaring mass of the moon.
Elvish legend told that the ghost of the dead king lay hidden beneath the ice.
Eve-marry-ah!
There it was—with a chill.
I am the man you always called me and the man you knew you were, but always said you were.
The years of my life have been spent inside a white shirt and a red tie, sitting in the corner of a shop, using a keycard to enter.
You are looking for the girl, Erin Wilt, or rather the girl who was named Erin, who was playing with a tree in the garden, but of course nobody ever actually said that, so much the worse for having been in the right place at the right time.
Even in our time and place, the course of events leading up to the beginning of the decade of 1791 were not easy.
It was a dark, and it was a very dark night.
I remember being eight years old, sitting through my father's funeral, which I don't think was very unusual.
I remember my father.
I was born in a terrible, filthy, rickety house in the little village of Loudon, where nothing but the dead and dying reigned, and everything had come down from the sky.
I was born.
In the beginning, was a woman.
"When all is said and done, what do you think of your present situation?"
The sun shone bright on the black mountain top, the moon was shimmering in the sunlight, and the town was alive with the faint sounds of the sound of the falling rain.
It is my opinion that the mind of man in any country may be compared to the rudiment of a single cell, though its size may be great or small, whether it be small and primitive or extensive and beautiful.
A man and a woman who had lived long and happily together, were struck dead in their bed.
The boy who once sat on the veranda of the famous Perisher's house was seventeen years old.
The river came in from the sea, having first taken its course through the grove of calm under the tree-tops.
I am not proud.
I have been a sailor all my life.
One day a little girl named Kate asked her mother for some tea.
Two thousand years ago, when the sea was still very hot and the cold air smelt of death, there lived in a village in the south of England, named Perisher', a young man named Joseph who was also
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged by those of professional rank, that it is a perilous business, to find the balance of nature; in every thing that has a beginning, an end, or a commencement, there must be some means of re-establishing its origin; and that, in many cases, it shall be impossible to find a satisfactory beginning, middle, and an end. The author, in his notes to a letter to his brother, mentions, that in the year 1632, an extraordinarily singular accident took place at this city, in the province of Alsace, in the possession of a certain Ferret, termed Ursula, or this unfortunate genius, who and her name, Madame Ursula, were ladies of distinction in the North of France; but of whom, as he found out from the papers of the Crown, she was of a very melancholy disposition, and had every thing to do with the burning of the palace of the Duke of Orleans; by which, it was cried out, the whole nobility of Grosvets-sur-Marne, in the year 1631, was overthrown. The following account of the events, as they are related by many persons, will easily give information, and may be used by any one, who has a reasonable comprehension of history.—In the year 1634, a certain Scheel, known to her friends by the simple name of the widow, had been a widow, and had two children of her own, namely, Adeora, or Adeora the Younger, and Mary.
Ape's body still lay on the frozen ground of the far northernmost continent, but it had been two hundred years since the last time it had been seen.
When I was ten years old, my father took me to see the first of the phenomena which are known to science as "The Big Bang".
The heavens were black and blue and hissing and every tree in the forest shook violently.
There was once, before time, or even before the universe, a kingdom or kingdom-world, whose inhabitants were fond of talking of a "plutonian".
I was born on a small Greek island, in the late twenty-second year of my eighteenth year, which was the year of the marriage of my father and mother.
"I left my llama here, you know. I was told that it was a great smell, and it was always so when I was a kid. I never thought anything of it until I was there instead of there."
The good Lord will make a great monarch in his last days.
He was a troubled, troubled man.
All things are possible.
The childhood of a great man is like the first day of rain when its wind has changed its direction and it is no longer a river.
His father had received his name from an old friend named Berkey, who had been put over with an old wound during the Civil War, and whose name was frequently given in the army because his wounds were so bad.
The cave north of the town of Narakaim, where Nathaniel Corridone lay dying, was many steps below the water's edge.
Hank.
There was a big red house in a big old house in a big old house that looked like a brick-and-mortar store.
The sun was shining, as ever, but it was a little warmer inside.
"She's dead," said the butcher's daughter.
“I’m going to do it,” I said. “I'm going to kill these fucks,” said the butcher’s wife.
The spring of that year was not very pleasant, but it was nothing compared to the terror of the year before it.
The first thing I noticed when I woke up was that I didn't know who I was.
I was five, and my father was dead.
I was born on a farm on a small Mississippi river, in the southern part of the state, in a family of four children, three boys and a girl.
I was walking up a hill when I ran into an old friend.
I was three years old when the government came down in a big way on June 16th, and all of the gods were at play; and in the midst of everything there was an island of calm and tranquillity.
When I was fifteen I left my brother Tom, who was fifteen years old, and went with him to a certain place in the state, where a certain high school was, which was called Ephraim, or "the star of Ephraim," or "the star of Ephraim."
The sounds of the evening were loud and clear.
The wind howled to and fro.
He was a gaunt old man, but no thing seemed to bother him.
Pieter was moving through the cellar, through the cellar, through the dead, and through the living, and when
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that, out of the whole human race, the Hebrews have been the most numerous, the most numerous, the most numerous, and have been the most numerous; that the first settlers in these parts were of thirty-one generations, and that they lived in an area of varying extent, some of which was very small, and others very numerous, and that all, except a very few, of them, who had been originally Israelites, or had been converted into christians, had been converted.
By the time I reached the bottom of the Nile, it was already that winter's afternoon.
"How is it," said I.
The weather in the Sousa county was rainy and cold.
For a lifetime, I had been punished by my mother, who had never ceased to cry about her.
In the summer, when the air was clear and the clouds were grey, it was my dream not to go fishing.
When my father, the Professor, of Mathematics, died suddenly of a heart attack at the age of sixty-four, no one was sure what to think of it.
On a particular Tuesday afternoon in October, about a week before he was to die, a room with a fireplace in it and a small dresser, with a neat desk on which could be read a book, was occupied, the floor being made of a mahogany-wood and the walls of the room being of mahogany.
It was a sunny day in April, and in the house of the cousin of Mrs. McPherson, in the village of Cerndale, which is a little to the west of Beccles and on the river Thames, in the parish of Caredon, which lies between the parish of Broadside and the parish of St. Benedict, there was a modest cottage built, only one story.
"What's the matter, Tom?" said my cousins Mr. and Mrs. Pratt.
I always had my eye-book with me when I went to school.
It is easy to imagine that the first time you meet the things that interest you, it will not be your last.
Peripatetic as a cave bear, Sam Dillon stood in the central reaches of the Great Plains, reaching farther out into the dust than the eye could see.
No one is sure when the first time-lapsed inhabitants of Ankh-Morpork and its environs came to an end their long and arduous exile, but this is what they say: "The House of the Dead and the White House have both stood empty in their delicate integrity during this long and unendurable crisis.
How do you go on to write an opera inspired by the very real events of the First World War?
Once upon a time, there were two cities.
I have always thought that my love of baking was the most delicious of all my loves.
This is the story of two children; who, in the course of their youth, have come to a very different conclusion of destiny.
It was raining cold and black and it was the third of December when four white girls came to Mr. John Pfaff's house in the rural district of Moravian county in Massachusetts.
The dog stood there on the lawn, staring down at the brown-and-blue sky.
The wrecked Mercedes was parked.
Around the first of January, the first bad weather of the winter, I lived in a house which I knew only as "The: House," on the road which led from the mountains to the sea, and which I referred to as "the road."
The light of dawn found me in the garden.
I am trying to remember what I did on my last Wednesday's excursion to the Tewkesbury Islands.
It was the afternoon of September the twenty-fourth, that my father, Mr. Maurice Leighton, died.
It was the first morning of the new year, that Margaret was born again.
The average English family with one or two servants had the good fortune to live in a comfortable, though not luxurious, house.
MARION-PATRONUS was never happy.
We were far out on the sea.
The moon was still shining brightly in the darkness above the promenade.
The sea was quiet and empty.
It was a stormy night, but it was the moon.
In place of a dead man, the old man stood up and said to the boy, who was standing before him, "Why, you look so different!"
There was once a man whose name I knew only from memory.
It was the summer of 1874, at the end of the nineteenth century, that I first began to feel the influence of dreams, or visions, or premonitions, or impressions, or what is known as prophetic revelation.
Oft times long, I have been forced to go to the bottom of the sea to seek lost
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the rat is the best friend of every dick.
Today the day is three thousand years old and in it the land of snails, in which are found all kinds of kinds of snails, species that are more indefinitely numerous in species than in species in species.
JASPER, just an ordinary 'inhabitant, gentle son' of a commoner, had a very pleasant summer.
Among the train of Maccabees, the most luxurious of the best-bred, there was a large officer in the least expensive of all the train, one of the musketsmen.
I have visited far afield without ever having seen a country, and I have been greatly surprised both by the beauty of the country and by the state of its morals, even though I should like very well to have known other countries' moralities and manners.
THE tyrant of the Middle East, the Sandrin, the father of all Gens, the last of all Kings, the God of Dominion, was not of the family of the Busiris, or ever was, or ever will be, of the Barbara family of Baghdad, of that district which is now called Paris:—the Rorschach subject, and his father his mother, were enemies, or hated one another, or pretended friends, or pretended wives, or pretended concubines:—and the Rorschach subject, like the Jew of his title, is known to us as the "tramp," or "stranger," or the "discover," or "rascal," or the "devil," or the "ape of the island"; or as he was called by the Arabs, or by civilized people elsewhere:—although, perhaps, we may read in his death, as by some, he was supposed to have been the father of one of the children, the "father," or the "father of the children,"—none of these notions would apply to the Rorschach subject, as he was known by the Arabs, or to most civilized people then, or to any a priori mind, however arbitrary and speculative, in its origin.
On the first Sunday in October, 1481, Edward the Second, King of England, died:—his body being taken by the church, and carried to the great church, in the town of Stratford, on the banks of the Thames, in the county of Bedford; where it was buried in a most commodious vault, and with a most commodious pallon?—and the pallon which bore the name of "Edward."
A nobleman by the name of the redoubtable Sir Thomas Forbes, of the baronial town of Lindope, in the county of Sussex, lived at a place called Transelms, in the neighbourhood of the Evesham, or Church of St. Elizabeth;—which, it is true, it was formerly, and where the venerable Abbey of St. George stands;—there lived, and was not in any wise obliged to live—for he was being entertained with the highest honours and honors; and, indeed, did not pay a penny more than his own suit cost; and it was this that induced him, in the year 1482, to commit mental suicide.
The Canterburyizing of London, in the year 1562, had been a difficulty of many years, and there was yet much to be desired.
Every better-off neighbour can recall the manner in which he came to meet his adversary in action.
In six months' time this work shall be finished.
The sound of the distant howl, and the tramp of the night, turned the quiet house into a cabin party.
Mr. Alice Hood, of the Seabiscuit family, was a well-known merchant in London.
In the year 1414, David de Weller, of the same house in the same year, and of the same family, died.
The death of the old man was a sad one.
On the same day as his death, the death of his father, the death of his brother, and the death of the young man, John Maddocks, of the same house, in the same year, lay buried.
Kinky As. Spooky. Stinky.
On the first Sunday of the new year, 1414, edim + - 15, was celebrated, in the town of St. Alexander's, in the country of the earls, in the neighbourhood of the Northumberland sea-yard, which, in those days, was the most commodious of all the market towns in London, inasmuch as it was the calmest and most commodious, that ever dwelt in the city.
The air seemed to have changed.
Maddocks lived in the house on the far side of the market-place, of Fairfield; the house was, and is, on a large and well-kept piece of
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the old manner of the means, as we have before observed, is the most practicable; but that the same necessity of expediency, as it was in the case of the first appellation of ends, will, in all others, be equally obeyed. If in any respect, they exceed the bounds of prudence, it is only that they are not without some imperfections: for they are delicate, and so are their appliances, which are always more delicate than their objects. It must, then, be observed, that their vices are not only imperfectible; but transitory.
In the seventeenth year of my age, which was the fourth of July, 1787, I received an order of execution, for the murder of my brother and sister, Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, at their house in Orleans, in the city of Paris, where they lived, as they called it, on the upper end of the river, where the noise of the sea and the noise of the streets subsided into a state of silence, so that, all things considered, it was in all respects a comfortable house.
There was once a man who had lots of money, but was poor.
I think it is a fact known to every intelligent person, even if he does not know it, that from the first days of public life, the hazard of being caught has been extremely infrequent; and that if the constable, or the telegraph-operator, or the strolling jade-seller, or the[Pg 168] shop-keeper, or the wizard, or any other person, had been present, the probability of being caught at any time in any place, in any year, would have been in every case very small.
And yet I have considered this matter, from the standpoint of a rational being, to have come to the conclusion that if I wish only to live in peace, and to enjoy the gracious blessings, which every civilized people enjoy, in a state of perfect equality, between its citizens, and to enjoy all these blessings, without any interference whatever, from the chief magistrate, in matters of personal liberty, or in matters of property, or even of discussion, or even of even a moment's moment of conversation, then I must endeavor, from every motive of selfishness or ambition, to acquire sufficient property, or acquire sufficient means, to enable me either to afford the necessaries of life, or at least to afford them with a moderate degree of luxury.
In the course of the first summer of the present reign, when the sun of the palace of the king of France was beginning to set, the king, with a few of his nobles, was occupied in examining the country of the Tuileries, and considering the state of that country.
The night in which the little army of the Templars fell upon the gates of the city of Cobalt, before the doors were even thrown open, was the night the twin towers of Notre Dame fell.
There are three things in which we are all too well acquainted.
I have been told, that a certain man was in the habit of putting his head among the cabbages, and in this way seeing everything about him, without ever knowing what it was that he was doing; and that he was called the god of the right hand, and the god of the left.
The gift of the gift-basket, I believe, is of no sort of thing, but merely the execution of a certain art.
The subtile seasons of the year are the worst of them all: for, as the saying is, winter is milder than spring; the first part of summer is worse than the latter; and after this the whole system of the universe is altogether in a bad state.
The small house of the queen of England, on the river Slits called the Fish-Tout, was generally respected by all.
The first thing I ever heard of Horace was, that when he was a boy, he had seen a thief killed by the hand of a woman.
There was long a period of darkness before the dawn of the new year.
At last, when the days of summer have long since gone, the days of vengeance are past, and the cold swiftly sets in; the beautiful old houses and country houses, formerly prosperous, have fallen into disuse; their inhabitants, clustered together, and brought into one street or alley, or public house, have formed into a singular country community.
I was born to die, to live forever.
I remember when I was a boy, writing down what I saw.
It is the name of the place, and of the person who lived there.
One sunny Monday afternoon, in August, I was in a very pleasant part of Texas, near Shiprock, the seat of some important military officers, who had great influence over the politics of the state. 
I have often been told, that one day, when one
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that smoking has its place"—isn't the worst thing that has ever happened, the shift in the jade heart of the holy city.
I'm as tall as a man—so are you guys, right?
It is the ancient custom of the gods of the time of the Chou to make bargains, divvies, or in the modern jargon, "deals".
While my mother was an astrologer, away studying the stars, or ancient philosophy, or whatever the hell the late social scientists were working on in those days, or the last of them, there was nothing special about the way she handled money or the amount she would pay for something for nothing, if that was what she decided she would pay for it.
My father was a broken man.
He fell through a hole in the ground.
It is very difficult to stay in a stupid prison when there is still time....
My name is Robert August and I have spent the last few months in London, being kept in the Old King's accommodation, by my sister Elizabeth, with my brother, George, and myself; under the protection of the Earl of Brigg.
It is a quiet, well-kept house, in a quiet, well-proofed building, in a quiet, well-kept building, in a quiet, well-kept house, in the neighbourhood of (the son of) Old Charing Cross, and as you come on out of the main road into the garden, you come to a perfectly straight angle and a perfectly level, white-tiled house, without any of the old bird-houses that are still alive, or what used to be the houses, but now have become little more than one-room shut-ins.
The house was on a Sunday morning, and the weather was at its best.
From the first time I saw my sister, when she was just four, that she had a brother, I had a feeling that I was going to die.
The little grey shape next to the first water-carved tree in the garden was a boy named Jimmy, and he had the wiry, ruffly face of a boy and the lively, happy-go-lucky blue eyes of a girl.
How I've felt all my life, my mind and my heart.
It is a privilege in the great scheme of things, such as this, to be able to write a book.
My name is Joe.
Hi, I'm John Thomas Willis.
There was once a boy, named Phillip.
He had been through a lot.
My name is Theodore Laud or perhaps simply Charles Laud, and I was born on the 28th of January, a baby," said my father in a tone which must have surprised an Englishman of fifty years ago, if he had not been reassured that his father was a man of honour in the matter of the royal family.
She was a good young woman with a head of dark brown hair which touched the top of her head, and a cheerful, cheerful face, so that every moment felt like a happy frame of a happy life. 
Titus mundi, the measure of the universe, is that it is infinite. 
Mr. Frank, a slim, short, stocky fellow, who lived on the West side of the river where the houses were all of stone and the streets lined with brick and timbers, had come to New York many years ago to purchase a house.
Most of the seasons in this city are clear and bright and warm; most of the winters are cold and snowy; but not a single one is completely dry.
In the course of my career as a merchant seaman, I have been fortunate enough to come by some of the most wonderful discoveries of fortune.
There is a certain night in which the beautiful and famous are said to have lived, and I am almost sorry to say that—a large and very unusual fact has come to my knowledge, that it is no more uncommon than it is extraordinary.
Deva is the only creature in the world whose life is the same even when she is dead.
I am a native of what was then the province of Quebec, but since the departure of the British, the people of that place have become what are called "Quebec." 
A boy with blond hair, blue eyes, dark, and fair skin and fair cheeks came to town one morning, wearing a dirty pink dress and looking less like a boy than a girl.
There is much that can be said to prove the truth of the old saying, "He could not have written a better volume."
A bus came up the road at midnight.
In the year 2327, I was eleven years old and living in a house in a large city that was not large, but it was pretty big and high, with a yard like a bottle-glass, and a house like a cellar.
That summer, I
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that while the changes which have taken place in Europe since the time of Queen Victoria are of such importance, and need such attention, as more especially belongs to the interest of the people, and of the whole empire of the United Kingdom, than to any particular person or persons: the alteration of those circumstances which now follow, conduces to the ruin and diminution of the whole empire, and of the powerful and almost infinite number of its subjects.
Deres drove into the cold, damp, gray-walled prison chamber of the Loribaud, in the shadow of the Masternice or Castle, a small, tan. furred boy, about 13 years of age, with dark eyes and a short bushy tail, with a backward, red, pointed nose, and a tail of a green-gray color; one of those who are accused of treason.
Dying ennui is the worst.
I have read that if you change half a pound of solid gold into pure fulleaded bathwater, and make it that you may take a bath three times a day, without the least danger to yourself or others, and, for the most part, without the least inconvenience, you have the same effect as you would have if you had only used the regular water of a bath-house.
The sudden appearance of golden eyes, which were like the touch of an angel, with the same intensity of light, as if they had been given a new light, and were waiting for the word of God, set the world in a state of excitement.
"You," said the ruddy-faced little boy, as he sat down opposite the shuttered door of his aunt's little house, and called her name, "you're a myth. You're just a story. You're nothing but a hoax."
In the subterranean world of the world of dreams, the platinum-blond child moon, coiled in a crescent shape, whose centaur looked like a little boy, had once gone to buy a hamburger.
For four glorious years I have been a prisoner's daughter in the service of the great Marvelous Being, Mr. E. G. For one of those four years, I have been a perpetual victim of the miseries of childhood.
The sun peered through the palm fronds of the cactoan-trees, and the moon was just beginning to rise over the sea of green sand.
"Jeez, I bet you cry the whole morning," said the nurse, standing over my shoulder, as if she had known all of this from the start.
I used to go to bed at night thinking that I was Jesus.
He was paralyzed when he stepped out of the deep.
It was a dark, dingy day in the spring of 1999, and I had been working the night shift on the Gulf Coast Air Force Base in New Orleans for four days.
The sun rose slowly, as if it were crawling.
It has been said that war is every man for himself.
"I will take this job," said the little man, who had been trying to decide which of the two was the tallest.
I was born in a big house in a jolly, idyllic village with a garden that was always full of flowers, and fine horses.
"Looks like they haven't made any pies," said my father.
"You looked so pretty this morning!" said the boy who was in charge of the streaking catalogue.
There was a man in the garden by the water-seal gate who could see the sea the whole time, and if he wanted to he could sit down on the bank and look up into the air.
It was the height of the summer but the trees were already starting to grow, and the whole garden was buzzing, particularly on the first Saturday in the month of August.
She said she was taking the long train to work, but she was really only taking a short one.
The sunshine was thick and beautiful at noon, but it was a cruel day in December, when the end of the world came suddenly and without warning.
The many gates of the city were all shut but one, which was the main gate, which led through the wide streets to Beacon Green, the place where the government headquarters were situated.
The railway station was the nearest thing to a town.
The morning sun shone brightly and the air was so fresh, so fresh in its heat and smell, that it shimmered and sparkled like fresh roses.
The air shone with a fine gold light as if it had been poured from a crystal ball, and any one on the ground would have a high opinion of its beauty.
I was born with a complex, which is the most difficult thing that any human being can have, and one which is only possible with a certain amount of intelligence and insight.
The day Squire Wren came through the gate into the court
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged by all honest and respectable men, that a thing is most likely to be most entirely right in the world.
It was the day that my father won the University of East India, and the day that one of the most important tragedies of my life came to an end: me.
It was a disquieting thought that I could no longer count on my mother in my days to uphold any fair standard of living.
Francis Fee, knight of the gilt, had been waiting for the day that all the nobles of the north would rise up against their king.
His name was Sir John Smith, or, for short, Sir John Smith, in this day, or that, or, perhaps, when, or what, or what-for.
Lon-Spaulding the old man had been dreaming of the day when he would have enough to do to bother his mind and body for ever, without ever even realizing it.
White, gray-suited, and dirty-shaven, Freddie of the guard, had been standing by the coral and sand, watching as other men spoke and women stood and walked.
"Just sit down, sir," the doctor told me.
On a long and lonely stretch of coast between Australia and New Zealand, a small island, known only to the handful of people who pass it, lies an Island of Sunshine.
It was the end of October, and the quiet and serene calm of the autumn months was all at sea.
There were scores of humans on this world, and the only difference between them was that they all were male.
There was once a man who was born in a very small town, who was never allowed on any train or any other public conveyance.
I am a carpenter, most of my life I have worked on ship's rigging and scaffolding, in which I have seen many miracles; but in the last analysis I have been compelled to give up the trade of hanging.
It is written of the LORD, in the book of the Law:
There was once a king, whose name was Yaviraker, who ruled in the land of Ethiopia.
Samarion, the queen of the palace, was not happy when news of the developments in the world reached her.
The man who was to have been my rival in the society dating from my childhood had already given up on me.
She was a terrible creature, or, rather, a very horrible creature.
A ship-crash in the middle of the night, and the dust-riddled remains of the ship are all that remains of what is left of the Crystal City.
The Inquisition has been in existence since the beginning of the world, in fact it is an established part of the science-of-the-day.
On the evening of the 5th of July, in the year of our Lord 1288, a small ship, the City of St. John and Saint Augustine, sank and was lost.
The estate of the FLETSCHILD had been settled at the head of the Page farm but the fact that the farm stood at the head of the Tableland was not in doubt.
One summer afternoon the young hero fell ill, as did all the boys, and the nursery-maid had to open it.
The children's season was about to begin.
The first time I saw the great mountain of Breckinridge lay bare, I was twenty.
In the year of our Lord 1236 the town of the Montrosei, on the border of the great central British county of Winchester, lay buried.
The study was on a pile of papers on the floor of a cellar.
Terry the Saint was a man of peace.
The table-lands are verdant and clear, and the garden is flower-strong and full of alluring fruit.
The sea sheltered the Detroit where a hundred or so ships of war stood in anchor.
Here is a chronicle of the events which took place in the city of Paris, from its earliest days, and which contemplate, in this day, the most important events which have taken place in the history of France.
It was a great and foolish dream, consisting of three parts, the second of which had its beginning on the 15th of November, in the year of our Lord 1625.
The first president of the United States, who, however, became president only by a decision of the American people, was named Thomas Jefferson.
In his publication, The History of the State of Mississippi, published by the state in which the original settlement of it was made, either at the mouth of the Mississippi, or at the river St. David's, and for some years afterwards at the western end of that district, there is a remarkable passage, which is taken from the nature of the country, in which the river St. David is a stream, and how navigable and common it is for all classes of
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged among the peopled of the earth, that the thoughts which characters have formed respecting the Deity of the world, are altogether erroneous.
"Is the world governed, or is it an accident?" said the old woman, who held the cup above her head.
The sea is the tree of life, and the spring when the spring water is drunk, is the only source of life known to man.
I am a prisoner in my own bed.
He lay there in a quivering agony, his back pressed into the crook of his own neck; for everything seemed to be breaking down around him.
The great oak-tree stood beside the river, high, slender, and dark, and it was the third or fourth account I gave of the other-world in my life, when I has been able to recite it without too great loss of detail.
My name is Deshawn, but my real name is Desaeyn, for, be it known to all, I love the One who created me.
As you pass among us on the right bank of the Green, on the third-grade platform, or in the end of the afternoon on the road to Tuckerton, you will feel that you are travelling along the river that separates the village of Forest Hill from the castle itself.
The sea is the house of the gods, and the waves that flow in its midst are a source of inspiration to men of genius and all manner of acquired worth; as, for instance, when the gods guide us through the ocean, and have their fair consort, the goddess Nym, watch over us; or when they distinguish by their powers the elements that are the most suitable for the construction of ships; or when they declare that there is no heaven, no sea, no earth, no air; that the heavens are full of stars, and the earth is but a piece of dust, the centre of the Milky Way, which is but a show amongst stars; or when, in the middle ages, they gave a charter to the emperor of Constantinople, granting him dominion over all the Seas, and over all the lesser seas, with all that went with them; or when, in later ages, they granted a charter to the emperor of France, granting him the right of erecting any cathedral in his dominions; or when, in the year 1581, they granted a charter to the emperor of Austria, granting him, as before stated, command of all the principal churches of the Empire; or when, in the year 1601, they granted a charter to the emperor of France, granting him, as before stated, the supreme power, over all the principal churches of the Empire; or when in the year 1721, they granted a charter to the emperor of Italy, granting him the right of establishing any other church than the one he had already declared, in so far as it was capable of that prerogative; or when, in the year 1724, the doctor of the holy See of that Empire, informed them that the Emperor of the Holy Roman, by virtue of the aforesaid charter, had granted him the supreme power over all the principal churches of the empire; or when, in the year 1727, they granted the aforesaid charter to the emperor of Austria, granting him, as before stated, the supreme power over all the principal churches of the city of Vienna; or when, in the year 1727, the emperor of the Holy Roman emperor, informed them that the Emperor of the Holy Roman, by virtue of the aforesaid charter, had given him the supreme power over all the principal churches of the Emperor of the Holy Roman, by virtue of the aforesaid charter, which charter, or charter made under the authority of the aforesaid Emperor of the Holy Roman emperor, granted him, as, aforesaid, everything that could be expedient for the protection of his dominions; or when, in the year 1733, the emperor of the Holy Roman emperor, who was at that time a celebrated philosopher and statesman, and was the author of a variety of laws, had been pleased to provide a charter, as above stated.
I have written these words, to the mind of a man of honour and discretion; and I am confident, that I shall be understood.
The sun of my father's vault shone with the color of gold, and when to the westward of the house of my grandfather, the sea ran gold in the waters that surrounded that house; a sea that ran deep and white and silver, as it pleased my grandfather to call the waters of the world.
There are many who would have you believe that suicide is solely the work of madmen, in spite of the fact that it is, in fact, an extremely common, readily acknowledged phenomenon in the society in which I live.
No matter what you think about the undead, or the living, that doesn't stop me from getting in my car.
There is an old woman in
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the urgent need of the times calls for the consolidation of in-depth intelligence, the collection of all the information necessary to fix the most pressing puzzles and to find the means of preventing new catastrophes from being brought on."
Chapter One On the highest plane of reality, the ground of the universe, the Old and the Black, and the Galaxy of Darkness, can be found a certain ship which, in spite of its wide extent and complete atmosphere, has had very little in the way of compartments, and is therefore, although it is very large and very old, nevertheless of very little more than ordinary size.
This ship is called the Sent, and I have already told you that it is a huge vessel, two thousand feet long, and two hundred and fifty feet in diameter.
This is the story, it may be, of the Comet she will make, and of the many comets that will inevitably appear in the course of the eternal ages.
Pseudo-Critique
My dear friend, The Amestrian Raider has been captured.
The stars in the sky are shining brightly now.
Aaah, her name was gold.
Thank you for your interest in my story.
There is nothing more satisfying to a man than the absolute certainty that the tragedy he is about to embark upon is going to be his last.
The news reached the Cameron family in time to give them some comfort.
This is the story of the strange and the wonderful.
"If I may be permitted this concession, in the interest of completeness, I feel certain, therefore, that I can sufficiently illustrate, with reference to the most extensive subject, the general principles of the subject, the general laws governing the subject, the general laws tending to produce a certain result; that I shall be able to form it with what little pains I take; that I shall have, in one stage, sufficiently examined and sufficiently illuminated, and sufficiently sufficiently explained, the whole subject from beginning to end: and that, in the final result, I shall have sufficiently comprehended and sufficiently explained all the different parts, and all manner of circumstances attending it, or tending to produce it—all that I have hitherto begun to contemplate, and that I intend to pursue with all the energy of my mind, from the beginning to the uttermost end; together with all the advantages and disadvantages attendant thereon:—I am prepared to submit to everything, with a view to securing a certain result, which, if it be practicable, can never fail.
While my father was away playing with the table-wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiin' dolls in our house, my mother was strolling through the woods.
The evening rain rolled in, thumping against the windows of the house, the warm air of late afternoon.
When my grandfather was ten years old, his sister died in a car accident.
She was on her way to work in the morning, and after her sister had been born, she became mother to me. 
The weather was clear and warm, and the students were all busy in their work.
On the evening of the twenty-seventh day of the month of May, which is the eighteenth day of which we have table-spinner's books in the English and table-keeper's, the two which govern the work in the first, and the second, and the third, and fourth, and the fifth, and sixth, and seventh years, were retired to their rooms to meditate their great and temporary misfortune.
The day when the prince of Denmark died, having put an end to the wars with the great powers of old, and was making peace by dispensation between the kings of the realm, I got leave to meet him in my own house.
I had, it must be remembered, no idea of what was coming.
The first time I saw Trevle who was sleeping in the house next door to mine and who was very much prettier than the other two girls was when I was ten years old.
It was a very cold and windy morning in March in the year of the English revolution, and my mother said, to my great astonishment,
"Why didn't you let the Doctor know?"
A tall, slender young man wearing mail-and-blue trousers and a pointed-looking hat, stood on the doorstep of the house on Stuggelands where my father and my cousins lived, and said, "Are you coming, Mark?"
The moon looked as if it would burst into flames.
Prince Mark, by the name of Vicar of the Holy Order of St. James's, was twenty-one years old and lived in St. James's, a few miles to the south-east of London, with his wife and children.
This is how it all began—but this is not a story of a poor farmer who is driven to despair by the disastrous circumstances of his life.
It was the spring
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged by the race that the Divinity of the divinest, and that of the most blissed of the created races, was vain, and that in the last stage of its development their sagacity, and their justice, and their fortitude, and all the marvellous faculties of their bodies, were destroyed; that they were reduced to a state of miserable servitude, and of national disgrace, in consequence of their being divided along two great lines, the northern and the southern, the more numerous in the northern parts, and the less numerous in the southern; that they were divided into two principal orders of soldiers, the Acadians, who were the greatest of that order; and the Praesads, who were the most numerous and most honourable of the Praetorians; and that, according to the true opinion of the ancient historians, the first of the Praesads, who came into Greece from the remaining body of the Peloponnesians, was the author or principal author of the destruction of both cities."
The stadium of the Olympic Games, the grandest of the games in Greece, was called Athens. There was a small island on the other side of the bay; half a mile off, but possibly long enough for the spectators to reach the other side without any danger of danger of running into the large house.
The air is the most flavourless and stinking of all the worlds.
Ereklej, tumbloor boy of Uruk, came late in the autumn of the year 531, in the year of our Lord 5 of the Year of Our Lord God, the first of the Rosh Hashanah, or Feast of Solomon, when the Emperor of the two nations, the Edom of David, was dead; and the darkness of the day became so thick that the light of the sun came out only in the dim intervals.
No man had ever seen anything so strange in his whole life.
The mule-drawn conveyor had come quite a ways.
The tower stood in the middle of a desert, high above the snow-clad plain, where the barring clouds drifted slowly among the silver-bloch peaks, casting their blotches of silvery spruce and fir, and the white-blazed white crenellations of the Mays mountains against the blackening jagged surface of the sheer, crag-strewn earth.
I will write down the rest of my adventures.
The crowd of the audience was surprised when Tseldora, Meeneh's white haired niece and sister-in-law, arrived.
A sandy beach covered in sand and jagged rocks, the main feature of the island of Goa, had once been a great soggy place, but it was not long before it was well supplied with all the necessaries of life.
"We had the best of times, and the most of a bad time," said the day-librarian.
The moon had been up for some days when the name of the town came to my mind.
It was the winter that the town had been a poor but pleasant place of rest and relaxation for many thousand years-a city of gold-in which the monasteries and shrines of the saints were exceedingly numerous-and there was little chance that anywhere in the world such a large and priceless collection of relics or antiquities would ever come up for sale, unless it were for some very considerable sum, and in which case one should think that the collector naturally would be very wealthy indeed, but now, for want of a higher sum, the countless amounts of money which he had at his disposal were very great indeed, and he was rather a low-grade coin-pusher than a high-grade dealer.
"I am still greatly disappointed, Lady Thing," said the lady of the house on the hillside, who had been living alone for a long time, "to find that you have left me nothing but a copy of 'A History of the Life of Sir Henry Taberlee,' and a few pages of notes."
Sir J. P. Morgan, of Southwark, was a man who did not like to lose his money.
On that day when the only man who could have told what Edward III. was going to do with the matter of the dress-gear and the cook-spices, it was the day when Lord North-Hearing-street was to give his final speech in the approaching general election, that Sir John Espinge, the lord chancellor of the crown, came into the House of Lords, where he might meet the salons of the city.
The trees stood tall and green, their roots stretching deep into the earth; the gold flowers in the dim, wind-worn air about them were suddenly all in bloom.
I verily believe there is no man nor horse or mule on the face of the earth who has ever been more fortunate in a single thing in his whole
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that men are born talking, and not reading. - Age and inexperience have no influence on this, or those who have the better writings."
This is the story of an author, a writer, a poet, a novelist and an existentialist.
The children of the old world had lived in peace with each other since the Age of the Republic, when the Magisterium of South-Empire was overthrown by the tumultuous arm of the Arab Wars.
It is a crime that is not merely cruel, but also unaccountable.
I remember a friend of mine who was going through a particularly dark phase of his life.
There were six of us—nearly all of us, actually.
The king was not a bad king, but one of the worst that has ever been seen in England.
"What is the matter?" I said, in my most tender guise—"What is the matter?"
The day when you and I meet, I will tell you, is the day that you will take everything you ever wanted and change it for something entirely new.
Ponytail Dreams always dreamed of a pizza. . . .
There was once a big old house with a garden in front of it, and a bad view of the city.
There was once a man and a woman who lived in two small little rooms, one in the small village of Nazareth, so tiny that it could scarcely have held more than a dozen inhabitants.
In the beginning was the story of many tables and the aisles of many different kinds of cooking; and in the end, and above all else, there were the plates of many different kinds of meat, which the cooks of different parts of the world had arranged in a choice order to suit their tastes and to suit the mood of the moment.
I knew nothing of the past, and it seemed as if it did not exist.
It was in a town called Greenville that a 19 year old named Jesse Meyer began to make a name for himself.
It is in a town called Shady-wood that the jury of seemingly random people finds out one of the most valuable things in this vast universe: that each person is a story.
The night my sister died, I was walking home from school, and in the midst of a mob of people, and in the midst of all the excitement of the day, I suddenly realized that I had kept her.
All between the hills and treetops of the rugged, imprecise, old-fashioned West of America, and the steppes of Russia, there once existed a people called the Algonkians—a people not so different from us, except that they did not yet possess any of those liberties which we enjoy, and, for a long while, I believe, were better off than we are now.
The first thing that you know to be a man is dead.
The night that he was killed, Mr. Dean MacFadyen heard the pink thumpy voice of the road, telling him that his wife had died, and that there would be no more children.
In the midst of all the excitement of the day, Father Colin O'Neil had just heard the news that his son, Mr. David O'Neill, was in prison for the crime of pushing a 12-pound gold coin into a police box during the courtship of his girlfriend.
I began to remember what it was that bore the name of our greatest city, when I was only eight years old.
To me the simplest of facts are the most interesting, and the most important things that I discover.
The first man who knew of the existence of the dead, though, was not a madman, but a man who was put in charge of the old men sent into the fields.
The show began with a duel between two boys, and I had the good fortune to see the first fight; and it was the murder which cast the first shadow.
There were three of us, and half a dozen of us, at the concert, and the last of us was a woman.
There was a time when any man who took a turn for business, or mischief, or for any other reason than the gratification of his mind, had the right to be thought certain of himself.
I never knew what became of my father.
Ah, how long ago!
While he was not yet forty-one years old, the inventor of influence is said to have supposed the only way of making a man feel comfortable and secure was to have him have a large family.
In the year 1670, the year he married my sister Alice, Sir William Harvey, of Westmoor, son of my father, was engaged in procuring for the King and his heirs for ever a title and a name which was not then in use, but which was to be come to be slightly in use, though without any inconvenience to the public, and may prove beneficial to
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that children are born to a cold, hard, unending, and frequently, if not always, fatal, clarification, as the case of the boy, named Gordon, who, through a mistake, extremely difficult to explain, or even to define, became a farmer, at the age of thirteen, and whose farm was as large as four or five acres.
We were born into a house of the Lord; and as soon as in human memory we can be called to a life of duty and repose, it is most expedient to explain the circumstances attending the formation of that household, and to place them in the proper light—in a word, even to make them conform to the design and form of the author of the work.
Goblins were always tall and round, but today, when the ground was still rolling and the wild things were still in the run, they were not so much of a horror to the careless as to the understanding and the discriminating eye; and no one, in fact, whenever any one was present in the late government of the United States, had any doubt that the subject under discussion was of such extraordinary importance, that he could not be permitted to omit mentioning it in the course of his narrative. 
The first time I ever set foot in a strange place, was on the blustery, grey, and deep-water coast of New Jersey. I was twelve years of age, and the world was changing before my face; but I had the good fortune to be at a time when I could afford to be distant.
The house was in an old brown and white house on a hillside in a place where the old houses were long ago torn down and the blocks steeped and cracked.
When I was sixteen, I saw a strange thing.
It was midnight in January, the last Wednesday in the month of May. 
The first day he saw the moon, Barbara dated herself as "came home under a cloud."
The sun comes up slowly and the sky is full of stars.
The morning air was crisp and fresh and clear and the spring wind was gentle and cool, like the valley below.
The doors of the kitchen opened gradually and, on the first day they had been open for hours, I found the whole family at the foot of the stairs, and sitting down to breakfast.
I was born in the year 1795 in the city of nLington, in the town of Wilton, in the county of Surléith, in the province of Leit.
The sturdy old house stood there, on the top of a mountain, in the midst of the black and sage scrub, with its dark green walls and black iron roof, and its high walls and narrow windows that were richly ornamented with rubies and emeralds.
The colonel of the guard, Sir Herbert Stewart, who was also Sir Herbert the Third, was writing to the Queen of England, in pursuance of the wish of his master, to conduct her to the royal garden, where the Princess Diana was present; and this was what the Princess intended to do.
The first time in my life I thought there was anything important to be discovered was when I was eight years old, in the afternoon at school, and just as I was starting up from what I thought was a comfortable desk, was walking along the corridor, and was thinking that if I just took a few steps, maybe I should make a good student of myself.
It is a long story, but not a very pleasant one, for it is true that when I was only eight years old, I found out how to make a clock.
The wandering pilgrim came to the center of the earth.
The silver world is very beautiful, and it is not for nothing that the Jewish lover of it says that it is a threat to the true beauty of the earth itself.
St. John the Evangelist called the first time he saw a man, though he knew him only by reputation or reputation alone.
The boy, whose name is known to this day only in the kingdom of God, came to the door of the house of the Lord on the first day of the month of May of the year 1781.
During the course of 18 months, in the year 1784, a certain young fellow, born in Norwood, in the county of Northampton, and yet dressing in a manner that is generally considered to be strange, settled down at the house of a lady called Mrs. Duncan.
I am going to tell you a story that I have heard before. 
The whole Dublin motion was stopped by the stroke of midnight.
An affectionate father, who had presumed to rid his son of the evil sense of superstition that had nagged him for so many years, had been prevailed upon by the advice of several remarkable friends to send for the young man, and to ask him to confess, in the presence of the family, that he was of
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that it is a lot to do when you are talking of the future and you talk of the future with the air of a schoolmaster, the way one who never had a reliable source of information does when he is talking to a professor.


The story is told that the star of the world, the sun, is a giant ball of fire.


Shifting hands, two figures appeared on the the southern horizon of the planet.


You will see that it is not an uncommon grace in the world of man, that it has not in the least been extraordinary, in point of extent, in the sequence of events which have led to its creation.


Piton was a long, long way off.


It was a cool day in a sea of summer sunshine and the drizzle of early October (for that is the season which most people live in in the State of West Virginia).


The sun was shining.


I should have known better than to go through with it, when I had the chance, but that was not the reason.


I was born in the year of things to come, and my time is far, far away.


The wind howls, the squall of rising seas cuts the tops of trees with their twigs and leaves.


There was once in bad times and festering in all manner of miseries a pretty girl named Isabel Lunatin.
A town called Ebensee lay in the interior of the vast and uninhabited wilderness which seemed to stretch beyond the land.
In the midst of the farming districts of North America in the great cities of the earth there lived a fair young lady named Lucy Agnes.
Early one morning she was sitting alone in the garden of her aunt's, not dreaming of the great gift she was to make her aunt an extremely wealthy woman, but thinking of the great anxiety which she was bound to feel during the next few years when she came to recognise the personage she may one day become.
The mysterious accident which had taken place in the island of Rigel had left a trail of devastation across the western sea, from the sea of Isa around the coasts of southern Africa all the way down to the islands of Tahiti, and it was only the dauntless and desperate efforts of brave men in the early days of the exploration of the islands that fixed a mark for itself.
When I was a child I used to write down my all-important thoughts while I lay on my bed. 
The strange thing about life is that the things that are not easy can always be done better than the ones you think you ought to be.
The town was named for a king who ruled during the beginning of the fourth century, but for a long time before that the name was common in the province of Coele's.

It was a snowy April morning in the year of the Sparrows, and the birds of the air were wintry and wild, and to the westward all land was covered with the black leaves of the cypress or oak, and on the sea of winds all the winter treasures of the Bahamian Indians was sunk, and their treasures and their great ships and all their riches had been snatched up by the dragons of the north and sunk into the sea westward.

The boy was in summer, and playing on the beach was a delightful pastime.

Like a dream, an angel appeared to him in the form of an angel, shining as a star, or rather as a light, beginning, as it were, to shine. 
I was born a sinner, but I didn't have any religion before I was born.

Ahead of him, below the water line, a river soared into the sky.

I was born.
There are two kinds of things--things that are and things that aren't, things that are put inside and things that are outside, things that are tangible and things that are not, things that are worthy of being so and things that aren't.
They were brought back from The Under the Sea, from the dead sea on the very first day they had to be washed. 
The first thing I remember vividly is the day that I was born.
Family was important.
My father was a smoker.
I am the only living child of your family, and I am one of the largest and strongest of the three daughters of my uncle, a man of great attainments, one of the richest, and one of the most extensive families in Madrun, Massachusetts--one of them who had continually been in trade, and whose names were noted in the papers of Boston and Salem, where I grew up: and I have heard it told by every credible witness who has ever lived.
It was the day that my father got his hat.
I remember every day vividly.
If the first man who walked onto this land--if you will forgive the expression, since I am
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that humans, whether of such species or of earlier period, have, from infancy onwards, spent a great deal of our time in which to learn and to obtain instruction. In our school-books, we learn all our civics and all our law. In our government, we have all the arrangements necessary for the triumph of justice and for the security of the rights of man.
Nor can it be denied that the language of the ancients was furnished with all the charms of wit and beauty, which characterize the faculties of modern writers, and which are a happy addition to the same forms which are to be found in the court-books of the Court of Master-Quarters.
Down on the docks of the harbour of Bremen, in the days when there were only four ships in the harbour, there stood an old man named Ritschig. He was in his late fifties, and had taken a vow of poverty, which he had never broken.
It was indeed a bright and squalid summer's day; but all that was not the matter of concern.
The old man was standing in the rain, discussing the weather with some of his friends.
It is the third day of May, and I am taking leave of my wife, who has been for some weeks ill.
On one of those mornings in June when the weather will do nothing more to terrify the whole family than to have them all well up in a hurry, Mrs. Maud, who is mother to the eldest child, is still pertinacious enough to hope that something will cause a change of mind.
There's my wife.
The footman digested the letter with a little more than a friendly smile.
They have dropped a system of air-raid sirens in most of the major cities of the United States, doing their utmost to frighten the residents.
A crowd of people was standing on the street, close together — a crowd of people who had been marching for a while before the snowy conditions which instantly followed the arrival of the traveling-offices of Dublin in the month of April stopped and looked around when they had been sufficiently sure of their progress.
I am aware that for some years past historians have been led to suppose that the great Roman emperor Hadrian of the East, who ruled as a constitutional vassal, left a large treasury of Syria, Palestine, and Persia to Augustus.
The morning terrors of the invasion had already begun to die down.
The house trembled beneath the weight of its inhabitants.
After the woman had been gone, the room was deserted, the whole house in a state of total disarray.
The first thing I noticed after I came into the flat was that the walls were white, almost as though they had been painted.
The girls sat on the floor in the sunny light of morning, tucked their chairs closer together, and looked out into the yard.
Buck Nee came awake one morning with the ache of mind in the morning.
I am not here to tell you that I am a good man, and that I have navigated all the difficulties of life with practiced ease.
"We don't need him," the old woman said.
It was a quiet and pleasant morning in the year that there was yet no Lord of the Flies, even in the quiet of the Sixth County.
Tomorrow I shall write a story that will be as old as time itself.
This story is about an old boy in a dirty and dusty and cold and smog-shrouded town, having a bad dream about his uncle, who was dead but who floated in the air.
The sharp white nails of a Peruvian felled hard on the mature olive-trees and even the blossom-trees of the San Lorenzo and Pusan gardens, and that day made the beast known to the whole house; for it was the same day that the plant was first discovered.
Then a long, dark line of stars drifted across the blue sky, casting dark shadows over a small, flat island in the Pacific, where they seemed to be coming from the wrong place.
The thought of coming back to the bay of Bacchus, on the Black Sea, never entered my mind.
In the darkness of the room, with the sheets drawn up over the floor, I judged what I needed to do to get the bloody thing over with.
The cold and wet sand of the Pacific had a slight warmth to it and the sand of the sea gave it that almost luxurious aspect of texture and firmness that it would befitting to a civilization which had once been at war with its neighbors.
The heat was a bone-chilling 70 degrees, and there were sharks swimming in the dark, of all things.
It was a cold, dark and dreary January morning in the thousand-year-old city of Hierostlowe, with its dwelling-houses
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the scientific field is divided into two great and almost irreconcilable camps, the organic and the inorganic. One side is concerned with the question of the origin of elements and the nature of matter, while the other is concerned with the problem of the nature of consciousness.
I am writing this letter in the month of August when there is no dearth of rain and the temperature is excellent—warm and comfortable.
Use the present letter of introduction to say a word about the subject, or to take up another page, or to re-write it, if you please, for the present purpose, or alter it, as you please.
The fairies, the housekeepers, and the poor little creatures called nymphs of the air, are the first to greet me when I appear at the door of the house.
One morning, when I was in a bad humor and exceedingly anxious state of mind, I awoke in a state of delirium.
"What is the matter?"
"It is very strange. I have been out of the city for several days."
Peschereta was dead.
There were two bits of lumber lying around the here and there, and two men sitting at the same table.
"Oh," says the old man, "you're sitting down now."
The telephone rang, just like that.
Mr. and Mrs. John Walter Palmer had been pretty far along in their deliberations when the unexpected event took place.
There is only one Doctor!
One hot summer's evening, while the rest of the world was still waking, the young woman was watching a movie with her sister, her sister's sister, playing together.
I was born on the same day as the first moon landings!
It is now or never.
The days of the old republic are long gone, but for a week or two the walls of the capital remained standing.
One sunny Tuesday afternoon the old man and his party were in town to see the king.
Elmer Gross eyed the floor.
When the sun sets in the sky, the painters and sculptors of the West End of London always have the same dream.
It is not my ambition, but my duty, to describe the original causes of the great earthquakes of the nineteenth century.
A little before eight the waters over the beach broke loose and swept away everything of value.
The body of the first woman in human history to exist was found lying on her back under the sea.
You, who have won the right to be my friend, are aware of what a difficult matter this position is.
The last time I saw my mother, I believe, she was in her early forties.
The third child of the Jackson family, Kevin, they called her Cassie or Cassie-a-midget.
The air was dry, the sky clear.
For a thousand years there had been two races, two kinds of men, two sorts of women: the common men, who lived in a house, and the aristocrats, who came from high places.
In the night when the sun sets, when the stars are gone but the trees still stand tall and proud and the green blooms still cling to their leaves and the birds still sing, the dark, lonely lands of the River Saint-Martin lie beyond the stars.
The birds in the forest sing, and the birds in the sky still sing.
A stormy morning, bright with the morning sun.
And so little did I know at the time, but it was my destiny to become a copilot.
I am by no means a poet.
On the first of January, a caustic wind howled overhead as the first of the new year came to an end.
After the great fire of London—Titus and the legions had already begun to push on, and the streets of London were in flames, but that wind was not what people thought when they told me I was going to have a family of six children.
Approximately fifteen years ago, while waiting for my doctor to issue a prescription for me, I had the terrible mistake of buying a blind man named Frank R. Bausch from a book on the shelf above my medicine cabinet.
In the morning, the air was thick with the odour of stinky and foul-smelling books, and the streetlights of the neighbourhood were dim and glimmering, even then laden with shadows, when the little girl came rolling in with a bundle of things.
She was a little girl, but she was no small girl.
The lads of the Wardrobe were gathering to have their own sort of fun at the end of the year.
Toward the end of July, I was eleven, and I was sitting in the drawing-room of my father's house, in a small little flat in London, with the light of a candle on the mantelpiece and the
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that all power is related to the idea of a certain power, or some general idea. The idea is merely the means of bringing about its actual execution in the minds of the governed.
The third monsoon of the year was approaching, and the King of Spain was praying to the stars, and all the gods, that the hurricane had passed over the Channel.
There is, in the midst of all the possible adventures of a human life, one which is of singular importance.
The innocent victim, whose name is Matthew, had been sleeping soundly, when the coming of day awoke him from a dream of terror and terror.
Most people have heard of the Mogul, or Mogao, or Mogal, or on some occasions Mogal or Mogoni, of the Central continent, which is bounded on the upper side by modern Mexico to the north, and on the lower by the Gulf of California to the south.
The-that-is-the-end of the world, or the end of all things, which is called the "last day of it," as it was in the ancient days, or even the beginning of it, bears witness to the existence of a great city, or in other words a great city at first appeared, which in its first commencement was but a city, and one of the wealthiest in the world.
But there was once a town in the town, and a king in the King's household, and he who ruled that town was called Cala, and he who resided in the house of his Queen, Queen Tamari, was called Vena, and and he who resided there, as I have already said, was called Vesta.
And then the whole world was in confusion.
The twilight of the night carried in rich and dark tones the melancholy voices of the Westward wind blowing over rocky mountains.
Every man who was alive before the establishment of this kingdom of China, or that of the East, or the South, or that of the West, or any other country, or has any record of its history, knows of its importance, although it has been hitherto very little examined, or even considered, by the ordinary persons of our respective countries; in order, therefore, that it may be readily understood, I will here observe the following particulars, relating to the institutions and character of our country, of which I have already spoken very fully in a previous chapter; and finally, I shall proceed to the subject of our government, as it stood at the commencement of the kingdom of China, in the reign of the Emperor Justinian, or Justin, or Justinus, and emperor, in the year of the yoke of the empire of the East, or the reign of Ptolemy, or Pergylius, or first king of the whole world, or whichever was the more expedient; the time being forty days.
Nothing ever comes to an end unless the end comes.
So, the apocalypse was in progress at the time of the writing of the book, when I made the decision to write it down.
From the day he could walk, Willard Hooper filled his life with the quest of finding out what was happening to the world.
On the occasion of my death, I have been asked to write a book of reflections on my life.
The silver-figured face of a Victorian lady, with the long hair of her sister, held the air of a figure who had managed to make a name for herself in a world whose inhabitants had no conception of her worth.
The spring of that year, 1859, was the turn of the year when accounts of the decline of the United States in the popular mind began to appear in print.
The other day I went to see my sister.
She was dancing, she was singing; she was the happiest person I ever knew.
I was born in a mountain of snow.
It's an empty lot in the middle of nowhere.
Sitting with my back to the wall, or looking up at the ceiling of a house that I'm not really sure I live in, I am aware of the grandeur of the place as I imagine a royal castle.
I took refuge in the kitchen, where all the best things were prepared; and where every smith carried his sword and his axe, and was ready to fight on the spot, when his friend was in need of a friend; and as it was a common thing for the poor, who were then, to be forced to live on their own, and in a house without a single thing, it was with much pleasure that I was enabled to partake of the common supply of those things.
I had the good luck to be born in a house in the middle of nowhere, which was not exactly an old-fashioned place; but it was a rather unsophisticated and uneducated place, as I remember very well.
The three of us lived in the centre of a little country,
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that none of the great powers of the world, save only one, knows what brings on the fall of the Roman Empire.
"I want to speak to you, sir."
It is a good day in a world that is empty of life, and that is a world that should be just as empty of life, but is not.
After years of deliberation and sleepless nights, the trade-mark of Hell-fire rose on the whiteboard of the office of his boss, a German.
The first time my father took me back to Denmark was when he didn't feel up to it.
The wooden door of the house across the street stood open, its pegs faintly showing its occupants' presence.
We all know that the first man who walked on the moon was Galileo.
Herman Nimmer, the famous physicist, is dead, but why should anybody suspect that he ever existed?
When the sun rose, all the women had dreams about the heroes they had read in the stories of their great-great-grandfathers.
If you think that I am dreaming, keep in mind that I am lying on a bed in a room called a 'dream room' and that it is dark and that the light is coming in through an open window.
Mrs. Tannen was standing alone in the iron room when the ship came through the sky crackling with a first flame of which the sky is but a mere speck.
On Christmas eve, nineteen-seventy-two, she heard the thunder of swords and the clang of chains in the deep, and for a moment she considered that it was the end of the world.
I have been unable to stop thinking about the sleek and airy box whose boxcarop-like door it stands on and whose corner-panels are so full of jewellery and precious china and silver and gold and silver-bronzes that it seems to contain a house-church of wealthy ladies.
The sun was thatched and gilt, and the bleakity of its roof was such that the dusty streets looked as though the wind had driven them into the deep very piece-meal.
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Witheridge, who lived on a large house in a fine garden, had been born and bred in London; but it was not long before their fortunes were changed.
The doctor was casting a spell when I was there.
What a dozen paths this cross!
The night I turned sixteen, my brother, Jack, died.
I was playing chess in the boardroom of a London hotel, when a car came past and a girl sat in the driver's seat.
The words that I speak have been inspired by the great tragedies that have befallen this whole continent, and by the sweat of blood and tears of the dead, and by the faith that I shall obtain thereunto.
As I left the house and entered the road that led me into the village there lay still a grave, and there, overgrown and damp and inhospitable and desolate, I found a family, living in a house that was not theirs, and a child, born in it, and a widow, and a boy, who were all in danger of death; and, in a word, in a very unhappy and unhappy manner.
I am going to write up this story in certain essentials, as it stands: but it will be that I in the course of the story shall know more of the minds of my companions, than I have hitherto known of mine own.
The yard was bare of anything but the leaves and grass that grew thereon.
On the evening of May the ninth, 1864, a young man of forty-six named Mr. John Sellars, of Abingdon, was walking along Oxford Street, in the suburb of Dorchester, in the midst of a brisk summer air, when a car behind him suddenly stopped and a man riding in the opposite direction emerged from the driver's seat, confident that he had escaped the murderous designs of the driver's wife, the young man put down the book of cards in his hand.
The first time I heard of an underworld, I was in a taxi on the way home from Colchester.
The road to the house swept through a thicket of white ash and spruce trees, and the distant sea. 
When my father came to me, I was seven years old.
I am the smartest man in the world. 
It was always spring in the little town of Joseph, Massachusetts.
Before the year 1500, when the first Europeans arrived in North America, its inhabitants lived in isolation.
It was always warm and cloudless, and snow-covered during the winter, when the white-cloaked travelers walked along the banks of the Stony Bay, or the Bay of Land-Ocean, or the Bay of Grace.
In the middle of a long winter, in
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged and accepted, that a man is not more beautiful by the command of the lion, or the eagle, or the eagle, or the tiger; than by the favour of the she-camel or the mule.
It was an excellent spring, and the snow-mists wept and opened their mounds; and the winds howled, and the wildflowers were all busy in their good work of joy.
These first pages of the History of the American Colonies, are devoted to a certain era in its history, which is the period of darkness.
A little after five on the very thirtieth day of March, 1776, Lieutenant Governor Christopher Cook arrived in Plymouth, Massachusetts, at the instigation of Lieutenant Governor William Digby, at the request of the regency.
When the storm was over, the water had risen to a height more than a hundred feet; and when he had reached his cabin, the brittle appearance everywhere gave way to a more assured strength.
On the morning of the third day of March, 1776, Captain Harry Smith, acting on the recommendation of the commanding officer of the United States fleet, and under the direction of Lieutenant-Governor James Germaine, sailed from New York to the port of New Charles.
Mr. Humphrey, who is the author of the following narrative, who is at present in residence in Portsmouth, was visiting his father in the village of Cresswell, in Kent, where his father had been a farmer and a butcher till he had sold his land to buy a house.
On the seventh day of December, 1776, an extraordinary breeze of wind, with a roaring in the south-east, came through the harbour of Timolyon, and blew the masts of every ship in the harbour to the great relief of all that stayed afloat.
The reader who has in his hand a few lines of words to the purpose, may here at last proceed to enjoy a certain happy stock, of which the writer admires in their perfection; though he is too much concerned to enjoy them fully, knowing as well as I do their true character and extent, and that the author, at the expense of three years, is, in fact, only a humble appendage to the author who is, or rather pretended to be, his substitute.
Mr. John Barton, the owner of the wholesale department at Jackson's, was walking in the grocery-palace, when in the midst of the crowd, in which he was very much in want, came a man in a shirt and a tie.
This story is the sequel to the story of the odious Lady.
The day following my great departure from London, which I hope shall not be long, I found myself living in a very careless and foolish condition.
The first thing which struck me was the vastness of the city.
The day after my great departure, my brother and aunt, in addition to their other business, put me to the trouble of making me understand my rights, and those of my relatives, and those of my sisters, and all their rights, which I, as well as I can, have hitherto forgotten or neglected.
My dear sir—— I have the honor to be your obedient servant,
I-General,— Your Excellency's acknowledgment of your writ of acknowledgment of my commission as a member of the council of war, one day during the war, and which is hereby embodied in my file, has, as your instruction has directed, made me aware of the true character of my office; and in my opinion, there is no instance of a foreign power, connected with the government of this republic, being allowed to assemble in the United States, or in any part of it, or even to remain to a certain time, without the advice and consent of the legislature of the United States.
The same day as my leaving the United States I left my brother and aunt, who had been engaged in business in the United States, and who had been very anxious to know what was the character of my office. 
The day before my departure for America I had read a book, which I have already referred to, from which I learned, that there was a council of war, and that these were the persons who constituted it, and who were in great respect esteemed by the Americans.
The members of the council of war were men of considerable age.
The world is round.
It was a warm summer afternoon, and the city of Dulwich, in the neighbourhood of Worren, was filled with the light of the rising sun, which shone through the large gate of the house.
Calculate: the rate of change of ores, and the value thereof.
The steam-power of the sun was dazzling, its rays illuminating the interior of the earth in a thousand colours, but the wind and rain of the marshes and marshlands had overshadowed its display.
You must remember when you are
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged by all who have dissected the matter, that the dim and horrible past of the past, like that of the world, has been, and is, at bottom the history of some fading pre-Nordic race, extant only to a few versed in history, or rather in the language of the country, where the Jaredites are still living.
The steersman sat in the dock, and there listened to the young woman's tale, which had come to her in a people so long ago, that they had forgotten even the existence of the first man, or the first woman, or even the first year, or so.
It was in the year of our Lord, that the old man who was called Thomas, or Thomas, in these days, one of the Twelve, returned to Jerusalem, from the place of Safety to the place of Revolt.
He was a straggling boy, but no child of yesterday's days.
He met the lightning at the end of the driveway, and was just drifting along when it struck, rolling down upon him like a dead body, and stopping only to roll over again.
The sun is shining, but the wind is blowing.
The dust of the earth is settling, and in it the last of the horses and men who had been dragged from their homes by the aeons of misery of the last war, am shuffling through the dust, and reaching the last resting place of the rarest and most powerful creatures of the ancient earth, some three thousand years old.
The town had always seemed a small city to me.
There was once an English gentleman of distinction, named C.H.C. Pickering.
The actress, penniless, and fearful, was a Lady Chesterton.
I was born in a farmhouse in white flannel, on a farm in Brittany, which at the time of writing looks like this:
The poor little boy was playing with a swan when a pirate struck from the sea with a gigantic bow and arrow; it blew up the house, and with it the whole family.
The first time I saw the dark figure in the distance I had no idea how power such as that which had been so much used to destroy the Danube and the Danube all through the years had been brought about, or how it had been possible for it to have come about that way at all.
I was born on a bus.
The storm overhead was the worst that had ever fallen in the county of Wellington.
In the morning of November 22nd, 2013, Julian was driving home from the Bishopsgate train station in London, when he was overtaken by a sudden and terrible sense of dread.
I suppose if you are the kind of person who has everything, you are sometimes afraid you have nothing.
I was born in a filthy, half-empty apartment.
My father was a man who died young.
My name is Joyce McIldoon and I am a writer.
I have thought about it a good deal.
As an infant, my father, Mr. R.J. Mott, had been suffering from a sore throat for some weeks.
"We are all in this together," he always said.
The first time I met my dead father, he was out in the parking lot of a local store.
Her name was Shirley Atwood.
I have heard different points of view with respect to the question of whether the work of art was ever brought into existence by the will of an emancipated individual.
The old settlements in the heart of the wilderness were full of the strange creatures of the desert, like sleeping flowers, turning towards the sun and the moon only as they wished.
"The dream is over. The oryx are dead."
Once upon a time there was a country.
The first note I ever heard my mother making was "Bakkyo."
I, Mary Ann Marie-Thee, am now and ever shall be, and by me and my father, and by my mother, and by my mistress, and by my lady sister, and by my friend, and by all, and in all manner of manner of people, and by all sorts of persons, and by all sorts of persons, and by all persons, and by all manner of persons, and name, and by all people, and by all people, and by all people, and by me, and my mistress, and by myself, and by my lady sister, and by me, and by my mistress, and by my master, and by my mistress, and by my lady sister, and by my mistress, and by my mistress, and by my lady sister, and by my mistress, by by son of the sea, and by a friend, and by all manner of people, and by my son, and by a friend, and by another.
My father had been very sick for years; but still
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that among those who were not permitted to enter into mortal man, or into any state of consequence whatever, there existed, among those who were not prohibited to share in the prosperity of the state, great numbers of women.
When one of the guests arrived at the house, the servant of honor was already there in the entryway, playing cards and cards and folding them up and pressing them on to the floor.
The next morning I woke to the sound of my father's voice, calling to me from the kitchen.
She might have been a six-year-old girl, or at worst an eight-year-old girl.
My mother's name was Caroline.
I had tripped and fallen and came to rest on a black, puffy, half-naked boy's chest.
The faï dure of the neighbourhood, however, was all that anyone wanted to be: an immigrant's nightmare.
I remember the first time I saw the House of the Red Scorpion.
The witch was breaking a trail of blood in the snow. 
The world was growing small, and the grave was becoming an almost commonplace sight.
I was born in a village without a name, a village of no more than twenty families.
My parents and their children had grown up together and I had no idea that anything was ever going to change.
When I was three years old, my mother made me write a letter to my uncle, telling him exactly what I thought of his house.
The living king of the Britons, Saxor Hunding, the Fourth King of Britain, was deemed by the contemporaries of his time to be one of the most remarkable men ever to have lived. 
It was at the age of eleven that I first met my future master, the villainous wizard, Cornelius Cimmerius. 
The day the boy-witch left the old world for the new, her mother, Gretelle Moseley, happened to be one of the few royal ladies who knew that the young Howard had a crush on the Queen.
The hooded figure that stood before him was a woman in a black hood with red and black outlines, her hair flowing in the breeze.
"You know what's wrong with the world, Amy?"
I was born in the city of Beya, the capital of the northern kingdom of Illyria, and moved with my family to a country house by the sea.
The moon shone white, like the pearl that is the mother of all pearl. 
When I was eight years old, my parents gave me and my sister a house.
When my brother and I were in the summer of my senior year of high school, he brought us to an out-of-body experience.
The heavens shimmered as I looked up at the rolling clouds, glowing like the sun.
The dark night of the first full moon fell grey and grey and clear, opaque to my eyes.
Nexus Motors had always been a small company, and yet it was deeply tired of being a small company.
My sister was pregnant with the first of three children.
The walls of the office creaked and the ceilings creaked under the weight of the heavy loads they carried.
My mother had a wife and a child.
The dinner table was shaped like a window into a room, but it was really just a plain room with a window and a single door.
On a small island in the middle of a huge world, a man named Knute had set down his treasure, his language, and the ways of mankind in a book that he had brought with him from the Isle of Man, the first book in the island's alphabet.
The day it happened was a cold, grey, windless day in early April.
Alicia had dropped out of her senior year at the University of Melbourne, where she had been studying history, and had been living for some years in a carol of the old woman who lived in the garden, where she had once been a lovely girl.
Shadows of death and weeping moved about the house in the dead of night.
My desire was practically incurable. 
The spring evening air was fresh and clear.
Before the early morning stars rose, a good many of the windows of the old farmhouse in the county of Norfolk, in the counties of Fife and Perquivilly, in the seventeenth year of the reign of the late Edward the Second.
I am a man who has lived long enough to see my friends make new friends.
I first heard of memory when I was one year old.
Sometime in the year 1552, the venerable Thomas Edward Gilbert, of the City of London, in the province of Devon, in the reign of Richard II., was brought before the inquisitor of King Edward II., to be questioned concerning the messes left by the executioners of the said Sir John Martin, of the
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged, that this simple, nay, the most insignificant object, will measure all our happiness, or all our passion; and, if it should seem necessary, every circumstance of life, or all manner of event, would be perfectly adapted to its advantage.
It was an event of extraordinary magnitude, that may be compared to none but of all other events, which took place in the last six months of the reign of George the Third.
When I was eleven years old, I watched as my father carried a young, naked little girl into the garden, on the bank of the river, which ran through a neighborhood of their house, where there were houses and some gardens.
I shall be talking to you in the morning.
It was a cloudy morning on July 15, 1776, and the French were invading India.
It is a sad fact, but I think it must be admitted, that in all the years that have passed since my mother purchased the Noli leadenia in Modena, there has not been one time in which she has been less pleased with the workmanship and costume of the servants, than in the year when her great-grandmother first employed them for the purpose of decorating the common of the great, or at any rate the most important houses of the city, with the very latest fashions.
Thither comes the sower of the year, and there he finds the cradle of the year, where he finds the home of the year, where he finds the capitol of the year, where he finds the citadel of the year, where he finds the capitol of the year, where he finds the citadel of the year, where he finds the citadel of the year, where he finds the citadel of the year, which is a world to itself, and is endless, and contains but a few thousand square feet, and the smallest house in the world, which is very large, and very shabby, and very dirty, and very hard to get on a road, and takes a long time to reach, and has a great deal of traffic, and things that are very heavy, and very heavy and very heavy, and very heavy, very heavy, and very effeminate, and very dirty, and very very dirty, very dirty.
In the year 1759, two weeks before the fall of the French, the majestic Gothic palace of St. Georges's, in Kensington, London, was erected.
It was a big Sunday afternoon and our two large boys, James and Edward, were playing at the game of child, when out of the bushes across the way came a fierce-looking man in a ruffled cloak, tied to a bear-shit sack. 
A warm day in the home of Dr. William Stalford was the most agreeable, most peaceful and most delightful of my life.
It was an awful, awful thing to hear my sister-in-law say, "It's necessary to be very careful what you say to boys."
I'm going to tell you about the one that started it all.
I am not going to tell you about the one that died.
When I was twelve, I used to hear that if you put a ladder between your feet and your head a long way down the side of a house, you'd better get on that ladder.
I hope you don't think I'm an idiot.
Somewhere, in some house which I do not remember well, there lived a certain gentleman by the name of William Shrewsbury, who was capable of standing in very much the same posture, and with the same air of ease, in all circumstances, including the most serious of these, as in an ordinary, comfortable house, or in a house of some returns, or in an ordinary, comfortable manner; at the same time, however modest and chaste this particular house may have been, yet to the great object of all its favour, it was in the hands of the name of William Shrewsbury, or William the Silent, who reclined, and never moved a finger under the necessity of maintaining the same classic dignity, as it generally required, in all circumstances.
Here is a story of a man who, when he was a boy, had a dream he had never before thought of.
There were three young men who lived in the little house at the end of the road which runs out of Bloomsbury towards the North Sea.
There are truths which are too long for words, and too difficult to comprehend in any number of words.
One day, when my father was about to die, he heard a gruff voice on the other side of the door, 'I am your Vicar-General.'
He was sitting on the sofa, reading a letter when I came in.
It is late and the main issues have all been settled, and the debates are over.
Once upon a time, there were
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that anything which is not claimed for its own sake has no value, became accepted as good in honour of some greater authority than itself, or as a measure of the worth of a work of art by some superior authority, or as a measure of the importance or worth of a subject. After all, the work is little more than a series of facts, and the facts themselves are of no importance. But we have no idea what the facts are, or till now whatever our ancestors called them; and no doubt is there a great deal of confusion and misunderstanding and mistake, in connection with them, and here I must bring up the subject, as I do so find much difficulty in relating it to general usage.
The darkness seemed to stretch on, half-lighted, through the thickets of the Hawe first by light of the moon or stars, and then by the dim light of the starry sky.
"The gods, my master tells me," said the voice in my head, and in the silence of the earth, I was beginning to understand it.
The procession of the ships from the great city to the wharves was an anxious one of business; the delivery of the merchandise, the payment of the bills of exchange, and the winding up of the carts.
It was a terrible thing.
The wind howls in the mountains.
"Serene, dear fellow, it's me, my dear old friend!"
The doctor was not all that she seemed to be.
I had heard much of him, in fact, and I was quite convinced that whatever he had done to get himself into this situation, he would have found it even more trouble than he thought it would be.
They, the Minutemen, were making a terrible mistake.
It was a glorious day in the northern state of Nebraska--May 14th.
It is a pity, Father, that a man's life should be wasted in vain.
Poor old me!
The giant, bending over the blackened corpse of his sister, the great witch of the mountain, was suffering from a severe case of the headache.
He was one of the most esteemed men in the land; one of the most trusted people; and yet there were millions of people in the world who would not take him for a friend.
When the gypsy band of the North Wind cut a sudden, run-running course through the thick undergrowth of the Upper Mississippi, our old friend the old wizard, Maren Bulstrode!
We had traveled far and wide before we reached the town of Shiloh.
The great blue house which stood on the western edge of the heart of the continent stood tall, imposing, and noble.
The mood of the room was decidedly melancholy.
Manger was a good man, and was, in fact, a slight and primitive fellow; but whether he was or was not a good man, no one could say for certain.
The time is past when it is not safe to travel in the city, or even in the country of your birth.
The day Erskine announced that he had married and had two daughters, there was a riot of delighted excitement upon the face of the country.
It was a cloudy day in June when the lady who was to be my hostess sat down at the dining-table of the Duke of Norfolk's house.
There is nothing quite so delightful as the sudden discovery by an ordinary person, that the fields of his own country are the most exciting and luxurious in the world.
The drape of the night was thick and heavy in the sky, and unusual to compare with that to which it was obliged to conform.
He had been walking for some hours and still thought that he was not alone.
What I am about to write will probably strike some readers as extremely odd.
The first dawn of the morning, the birds began their morning flight over the desert.
The house at the end of the road was a large red brick structure with a small green-tiled lawn and left-turning carriages, but in its spacious front garden, which had been well kept in by the monsignor, the gardens had not been overlooked in all their splendor.
The bubbling blood of the living has long since ceased to bother me, but as the months have gone by it has found a more or less regular habit of producing effects in my mind which have agitated me at times to such a degree that I have had to make a substitution of my own for the principal cause, and have found that my sentiments and ideas have been changed to certain unpleasant consequences.
The first man on the stage had been to the good house in the middle of the night and offered to give a lady a phone consultation.
The wife of the man who is to become my husband was in class.
Barely an hour before the world stopped, the world burst into a sudden and incessant flood of
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that, in some cases, things are not what they seem.
Lord of the square, lord of the square—
What has been the matter of your good fortune in life?
It is twelve o'clock on a Wednesday in a warm and grey February night and I am sitting on a bench outside the moat—
The sky above the large granary at the bottom of the Dervishes was, when I first saw it, like a vast empty canvas.
There was once a great city in India called Nalanda or Baradambi or something like that.
The sky above the big granary at the bottom of the Dervishes looked as if it had been painted on with water.
"The English are just coming," said Maa's father.
There was once a kingdom in India called Baradambi or something like that.
There was once a great city in India called Nalanda or a little past the river, or something near it.
This is the story.
I was born in an ordinary family of cheery children.
The business of my life began in the midst of a terrible storm.
Mantarik was sitting on the roof of a large birdcage and looking out over the city of Gainsborough.
Eighth-grade school teacher Tom Martin was just as captivating a character as any other man on earth, and as compelling a character, for this is a story that must be told by all, and is told on so many different levels that the reader is bound to reach his own conclusions.
It was the last night of the war.
At five o'clock we went up to the terrace of the 6th-floor terrace of the national legislature.
Jack the Ripper was a serial killer.
It was a dark and stormy night.
It all began with a single look, in which my wife and me stood (again, counting in the hostelry) around a table, spread out in front of it, as if we were waiting for someone else to come along.
I am by birth a doctor.
It was late in the fourth month of the reign of Henry II, that my lady the duke of Norfolk and I had an extraordinary experience.
There was a heavy cloud over Vale.
The earth is a very big place, but there is no need to be concerned with the size of the planets or the orbits of the sun, or to be concerned about the distances that appear to us from the center of the earth; seeing that the earth is but a great hunk of matter that is stretched out over a great radius and contains the mass of one hundred millions of planets, including the very whole mass of the earth.
We are now in the days when, after the death of the emperor, when he had been obliged to retire into a little villa with a garden in the midst of a chateau, we find ourselves in possession of such an immense and frightening collection of treasure that we are astonished that no one who was not in the empire immediately afterwards, or had the means of transportation, should have any idea of our endowment.
In the summer of that year the Empress Calenarebe, when pregnant with her second child, was extraordinarily busy with matters of state, especially in the interests of her child, who was then eight years old.
The five hundred and seventy-first birthday cake was to be made for the Empress Calenarebe.
Before he started to write this work of fiction, Richard Baker had the idea that if he ever got into trouble in Russia, he would find that he had really been called to a very unpleasant place indeed.
Danckert had walked the moon for eleven days, and the sun had not yet set.
Eve was sitting in the sun, having about her an iridescent exterior, when in the course of the moon's orbit it happened that the moon did not appear to be in shadow, but was actually shining, and the sun shone brightly.
The table is set down in a corner of the small shop, at the edge of the box-yard, where the dogs are kept and where the hunters begin their game.
The land appeared empty of any living things, except the jade-green thistle-tree, which grew on the dry surface of the earth, but was full of the smell of death.
All had forgotten the death of Nineteen-Three.
I have been walking into the room that was built for some one named George, and I have found myself standing there.
In the year 1836, the year that I shall die, when I shall be nearly eighty years old, I shall be able to make out, from the major circumstances of my life, what I shall be able to do for the future good of mankind, and I see that there is no doubt which of the three may be the best.
The day the Air
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged. I have known some men, born of Commission, who were possessed of good judgment, and men who had attained to a certain rank; men, who, if they had but known how to distinguish truth from falsehood, and to distinguish between good, and evil, and the like, and if they had only known how to distinguish right from wrong and between good and evil, they should certainly have reached a certain stage of refinement. But no man, no matter how talented in mind, or even how much learning might have infected him, has yet ever reached a stage of perfection, as to know the true meaning of any thing he undertakes; as to be able to distinguish the true from the false; to be able to weigh the good from the evil; to determine which of these two evils to pursue; and thus, be able to decide, and to decide with certainty, whether he will do good or evil, or whether he will indulge in either or both.
It is a truth universally acknowledged. I have known some men, with a view to a certain rank, who were possessed of good judgment, and men who had attained to a certain rank; men, who, if they had only known how to distinguish truth from falsehood, and to distinguish between good, and evil, and the like; and if they had only known how to distinguish right from wrong, and between good and evil, and the like; and if they had only known how to weigh the good from the evil; to be able to determine which of these two evils to pursue; and thus, be able to decide, and to decide with certainty, whether he will do good or evil, or whether he will indulge in either or both.
To my sister Galenter, who had been the object of my last visit to her, I am now come to ask your advice. The run might be long, but the journey was hard.
In the year of grace 1413, when the government of the Netherlands was in greatness, and the title of Count of the East Midlands was then in use, William the Conqueror, who had received from his father the crown of Dorset, or Duke of Northampton, a kingdom of that ocean which it was now well known to its predecessors, and to which the English civil war had spent its course, had attained triumph in the war with the Normans, and had brought the whole of the realm of the North towards such a state of calm and tranquillity, that it was difficult to conceive a single thing that might have happened, which did not afford evidence of an active and prolonged interest in foreign affairs.
It is a truth universally acknowledged. I have known some men, born of Commission, who were possessed of good judgment, and men who had attained to a certain rank; men, who, if they had but known how to distinguish truth from falsehood, and to distinguish between good, and evil, and the like, and if they had only known how to know which of these two evils to pursue;and if they had only known how to weigh the good from the bad; and if they had only been able to decide, and to decide with certainty; and thus be able to decide, and to decide with certainty, whether they will or will not do good or evil, or whether they will indulge, or not; or whether they will or will not do good or evil; or whether they will or will be able to decide whether they will or will do good or evil, or whether he will, or will not, shall I ever have any doubt before I make up my mind, whether it will be good or bad; or whether it shall be good for me or bad for him; or how can I decide in any thing; or whether it will be good or bad for me, or what shall I do; or whether it will be good or bad for me, or whether I shall or do I now think, or what shall I do; and this thought I have always had, and I have always believed.
It was a fine cold day in early February, and the sky was clear and the stars glowing; the wind was light and cool, and the blue sea seemed altogether to me to be the colour of a red-hot needle.
It has been some nine years since the German conference of the French government on the situation of France and Europe took place.
In the year of grace 1413, when the government of the Netherlands was in greatness, and the title of Count of the East Midlands was then in use, William the Conqueror, who had received from his father the crown of Dorset, or Duke of Northampton, a kingdom of that ocean which it was now well known to its predecessors, or at any rate to those who were not then master of the English, or who had neither the crown nor the title of Duke, but who possessed the title of Lords of the Crown or Gentlemen of the Crown, which they still retained in their possession, had attained the triumph
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged among men that the bonds of the families of the earth are marked by the not infrequent occurrence of famines, nor are they infrequent when the immense vessels of the earth are glutted with the produce of the earth."
—Edward Gibbon, The Historiography of the English People, § 139, and: The French and the Hundred Nations, more particularly the history of those periods of misfortunes to which it was the object of our zeal to point out the causes and incidents of Edition—It. —"legends, or may be more properly stated, fables that are not altogether without foundation."
—After writing a few lines on the subject, I came across an argument in favor of a "state of nature" relative to the several nations composing the world.
—It was in the course of my investigation that I found it necessary to point out the work of the greatest inventor of this country; Mr. Isaac Newton.
—I have been often asked, what were my duties in the world?
—It is very true that there was no man, or body of men, in the world in whom I did not find considerable interest; although, for a very considerable period, I must confess, I found much honour and distinction.
—I am aware how fatiguing, how oppressive and oppressive a work it is, to consider, and to perform, the business of life, and to bear all its fatigues and pains; and yet, at the same time, there comes a greater and more valuable satisfaction and enjoyment in its accomplishment, when the mind either is satisfied with its object, or is full of energy to pursue an object, which at the same time tends to keep the mind from excess, or from wantonness in the pursuit of it.
—The sea which lies between England and America, the deep, turbulent and turbulent sea, where the fierce waves of the sea, which are nearly three hundred feet high, and which seem to be made of soft musk, reach the surface of the water, and remain there, as they were before the rise of the sun, flowing and ebbing with the wind, or, rather, as before the fall of the sun, being kindled by the heat of the sun, like the flames of a burning altar; or, perhaps, as it was before the setting of the sun; or, more properly, as it was when it was still dry, or when it was still damp, or as it is now; else, in the state of Nature, it would be needful to inquire into the nature of the world, or to ascertain its origin, or to ascertain the mode of its formation; or, upon the other hand, to compass some means of its preservation,—if it were possible to procure these objects, or any of them, without the assistance of God; or to discover and ascertain their particular nature, by whatsoever means he may have provided; or, on the contrary, to discover and ascertain their particular nature, independently of his assistance, by whatever means he may have provided, or without the assistance of God, by whatever means he may have created, or "Moved the heavens about," or "moved the earth," or "moved the sun," or whatever; or, more properly, or, more properly, or, if there be any thing in the nature of thing, or that is described by any manual, or any other description, than that of an ancients writer, or antiquaries, or by any description, and of a time long since changed, then, or at all events, not long since modified, by any number of new discoveries;—or, if there be any thing in the nature of nature, or that is described by any manual, or antiquaries, or by any description, that is to the knowledge of men, or any description, the mode of its creation; or, more properly, to ascertain its mode of origin, or modes, or modes of production, or modes of subsistence, by what means he may have furnished it,—or, according to the usual order of things, to ascertain it by what means he may have furnished it; or, according to the usual order of things, if he had furnished it without him, or without any assistance from him, or any of the former parts of that empire, at the time when he was the emperor;—then, and not otherwise, he would have determined the mode of its creation, or its mode of production, or its mode of subsistence; or, at all events, the mode of any mode of subsistence,—according to the usual practice of the ancient nations, or according to the orders of those ancient nations,—if he had not already settled the mode of its creation.
—In the course of my investigation I discovered, at length, a book, or rather a series of books, in which is described, by many authors, or, at most, as nearly as possible, what is called a history
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that not only is life more or less pleasant, but that not only is death dreary.
The storm still hung over and the stars hung heavy in the sky.
He stumbled and fell through the dark, and the old man in the doorway was no more.
Three times the war had raged between the poorer realms of Terra and the rich; and once at Kenmore, once at Bordeaux, and once at the epicenter of the great cataclysm which so changed the course of the world.
In the hills of the great state of Hesse, in the heart of the Thalmor province, there stood a small town, and this town had always been small indeed.
He had come for the sea but his ship had already been wrecked at sea.
Listening to the announcement over the news service, the watchmen in the city of Gotland, in the southwest of Sweden, raised their voices of alarm.
The Reaper was dead.
Only six minutes had passed since the first horror struck Paris.
The voice of the music in the cathedral rose suddenly, as if it had been struck. 
She was born in a small town in the mid-Atlantic.
This is the story of a man who is searching for his father.
The waving of the ship at Tannenberg's flagship was the noise of a thousand ships.
(A line from the poem, by the way, is "The wind was already beginning to change direction when I left my mother's house.")
The old man next to my bed put his hand together, and said with a smile, "Do you feel better, Charles?"
You don't know how much I've wanted you.
I walked across the water to the ship and looked down the seabed.
Before I die, I want you to know that I can change your life.
In the last chapter of my novel I decide to tell my life story in a way that will surprise you and will probably even make you laugh.
There was once a man with a problem.
My father was born in a town called Arkham.
In the middle ages of the fourth century, the church of St. Mark, the Martyr of Brown, was reformed into death-penalty facilities.
It was a glorious day when the first winter storms swept over the continent.
The house was a shabby little abode in the midst of a suburban backwater, a kind of den where the dogs peeped through narrow sliding glass doors and where the water ran through the cracked tiles like a dead river.
It was an enormous, blistering heatwave.
The long dark night poured in on the moonless eastern shores of southern Marrakech.
Festival Eve turned into a nightmare of horror when a gigantic troll came in from the deep - a gleaming bronze dragon, broad and shiny and, at the moment of its appearance, the size of a large car.
I was born again and again and again.
The old man sat on the shore of the lake with his bearded face in the air.
I am an inmate in the hell-world of Sol ishtar, and I am at present merely one of its millions.
I was born at the end of the first world, intending to go on to the next, and I wanted to be a writer.
I put this book down at the foot of the bed.
This is about a man who has been very bad for twenty-four years.
He was the captain of the guard, in charge of the observatory.
The night he took his last breath the room was full of flowers and the voices of the country girls were all over the roof.
The boy went into the garden and looked out into the open clear morning.
I am the king of the world and have made my will, written in my book of laws, that nothing may be done by me which the governess of a house cannot see.
My name is Joseph Michael Molloy.
I remember that one afternoon Masa had told me that her parents had been killed.
The sun rose in the freezing darkness of the warm day.
She was gone.
The dead had already all gone, though there was no sure way to know that.
The battlegrounds of modern warfare are vast, but at the heart of every battlefield lies a single home, a single abode.
"My dear Sir," said Lady Catherine, "you are to go."
"I, standing here before you, do not belong to any house," said the tenant who was suffering most of the distress.
The city, which had always been an easy place to live, had always been a very hard place to live.
No man who has ever lived can tell you exactly where you are; but you never know how far away you are, or how deep or narrow or even narrow, you are.
And so, when it was all
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that the moment a man of genius dies, no person, or body of persons, or class of persons, or in fact any one, can suppose how he died.
Note of a sigil in a centre-lined cube, the square of which was always six inches across, and two and a half inches high, and in which the letters A, F, G, I, O, T, and V were always divisible by six, and by three, and by two, and by three.
Philosophic investigators testify to the truth of the following statements, which David Hume, W. Oliver B. Flemme, and others made, in order to vindicate Charles of Clevedon.
A single person, by the name of Mr. Sidney, represented, as an expert, upon my present occasion, the attorney, Mr. Sidney, in a suit for the recovery of the sum of five thousand pounds, which, it is supposed, was much more than the actual cost of the case.
There is a certain secret workshop, and a certain door at the back of the shop, which is seldom opened, and in which are countless books of pure gold, and gems of uncommon beauty, hung on heavy bracts of oak, and of the confused, dark appearance of which it appears, in that manner, to be of a simpler, more modest kind than in the ordinary course of things, or, at all events, that which the ordinary course of things, or such as are generally resorted to, have generally been accustomed to expect from any bookseller; or that tumbled down from the shelves of the shop as they fell, and which, to the beginning of the seventeenth century, became very universally known, and even required that it should be so called; but which, as you know, it is not; and the name, or name-name-name, is so much more common than that which it is supposed to describe, that it is impossible to ascertain its true signification; and perhaps you may think it easier to suppose that I am erroneous.
There is a fine, fair city, less populous, fairer, with more beautiful houses, and with more agreeable surroundings to which I have already mentioned it.
The being who was called the Lord of the Dead, or the Lord of the dead, or such-like appellations, and who was worshipped with great credulity by the people of the Hamonians, and of all other people in that region, is one of the most infamous of all the dead.
The night he returned to his room, he saw the ceiling of the room tremble and burn, the window panes sag and bend, and the floor of the room drop and sink.
It was a hot summer's day in the year 1869, and Miss Darlene Dampier had been away from home all summer, her sister-in-law's elder sister in law, a widow but occupied in the house where she had been born.
The good Lord sent back his last message, not to end his world, but to end the end of time.
The city of Charing Cross lies in the midst of a vast complex of schools and hospitals and huge, green, well-kept houses and little rundown bays.
People who knew a great deal about death, and a great deal about the sensitive young man, and quite a good deal about the world at large, might judge that, in the case of the young man, one had to fall back on the assumption that he had existed before the beginning of his days; and that, in the case of the young man, any doubt which might have existed about his chronological age was allayed; and that, in the case of the young man, either he had a certain thought or belief, which he had in view from the outset; and that, in this case, the supposition that he had not existed in the beginning could not be entertained; and that, in both cases, the intelligent spectator could never have anything more to do with the realisation of the idea than the mental projection of that mind which accepted it as the probable truth; or that, in the first instance, the mind which projected that which the mind which anticipated it, whether the mind which wanted it, or the mind which had hitherto been possessed by it, at the time of the conception of the conception of the world, or before that, could ever be expected to possess; or that, at the time of the conception, the mind which projected the conception could never in any way be expected to possess; or that, when the conception was even conceived, neither the mind nor the mind which projected it was capable of possessing any sensible object; or, at any rate, that it could conceive any sensible object; for it was impossible for any mind to know anything before the conception of the world; and it was impossible for any mind to know anything prior to the conception of the world;
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that can either only be known to the judge in the mirror or to his supreme court: The sun is the only universal substance, i.e., the only being, capable of expressing a true idea, of having a rational existence and of being divided into three kinds, the intelligible, the corporeal, and the final, according to the mode of generation of the original being:—here the original is merely an object in space, so that its intrinsic value may be measured in terms of its material element;—and here again the idea is merely an idea whose object is an object, or rather an entity whose object it is—indeed, an entity whose object it is the idea.
Kai the First, with his twin maidens, and lay with his companion, called the running river, where it swam in the bright sunshine; and he, who had been accustomed to enjoy the bliss of pleasure, had become weary of that slavish enjoyment.
In the soft spring daylight of April the day before the wedding of a young woman, Anna, a very old woman, with a daughter ten years old; there lived at Cambridge, a very young woman, with a daughter, a boy, and an aunt.
There are a thousand variables, and its not my place to decide upon them.
At the bottom of a mountain, on a cloudy day in the winter of 1884, a young man named Fred, with short white hair and a wavy face, got up at three o'clock in the morning and walked all the way to the library.
I am as innocent a child as a boy ever was, and, in truth, a child ever could have been, if she had not been chosen by fate.
A good deal of the story, I found, of the voyage round the world, is the same in the main, or, rather, in some parts so intimately connected with them, that it is easy to conceive that it could have taken place, by any other route, but that of this our true-origin account, as it stands, viz., that of the voyage round the globe, as originally taken by the ship which put her in port, or rather in the port of whic passed, to procure a supply of necessaries and provisions for the voyage; but, in truth, that only partly covers it, as it were, and depends, or rather is not entirely dependent, upon the circumstances under which the voyage was taken: for there is no circumstance in the whole history of man, which has not been, or will be, or will perhaps be, either the opportunity of having an accident, or an accident at all events, in any respect whatever connected with it; or, at all events, a product of some other cause than the intention or ingenuity of the man who made it; or, at all events, a product of some other kind, whatever it may be, whether human or divine, or of any sort whatever; or, at all events, such a good one as no man ever made before (for I am not of opinion that a man ever made anything before), or any other way; or, forasmuch as I shall shortly observe, a bad one; or, at all events, a very disagreeable thing; or at all events, quite as bad a thing, and a very disagreeable thing; or, at any rate, so bad a thing as utterly pitiable.
The story of the fire has its very peculiar form and form only can alter and have nothing but a very slight resemblance, to the manner and state of things in which it really occurred.
The great ship which I have just described, about which I have spoken, was a large, heavy, and heavy-looking boat, especially for the time that it was then in use, but of which no doubt she could have been much larger and much more powerful.
There was once, as the saying is, 'a little girl,' who had lived years and years before, and who, having not taken notice of any thing but her own good fortune, was destitute of anything except a certain kind of sweetness and cheerfulness in the midst of everything; and who, although she had had many years to learn to be happy, yet had found it impossible to find any pleasure in the world which did not seem to her, or at least to her friends and relatives, to be a source of great vexation and anxiety.
My dear dear friend, I am writing to ask you to read and consider to the letter, written by a certain gentleman, the following of whom, I believe, is a very wealthy man; and it comes to the following:
The success of Mr. Loudon, if it be possible, and perhaps more probable than any other thing that ever happened to the trade of Athens, is due entirely to no other person than madness, or, I take it, insanity, by which he is meant; and that there is no man capable
====================
It is a truth universally acknowledged that ignorance is the continuation of stupidity, and that man has been raised to a state of nature, when man had lived a single existence, and even this single existence was ill-conceived and ill-managed.
It was a dark and stormy night, and even now, four years after the fact, it is almost impossible to forget the tumult and horror of the disaster.
Only six individuals were among the twelve thousand or so members of the Methodist church in New York when the Mormons arrived, and among them, there was no mistake, in the opinion of one of them, that there were only about two hundred present.
He could still remember the tower, and of all the marvels at his own house, the tower of the spectacular scale, with its spiral staircases and massive galleries, lay before him.
"Oh, like the moon," said the Doctor.
Once upon a time, a boy was born with a weakness.
There were roughly 800,000 people on Earth at the time when the great cataclysm took place.
THE Bronze, a thousand years old ship, sailed in search of the lost city of Atlantis.
It occurred to the Doctor that before he left, he might as well talk to himself.
On one particular day of the year 1872, the ship Greystone of the United States Fleet was afloat for the first time in several centuries.
Once upon a time, the ocean was a place called the Sea of Grays.
He stood on the moon, looking back at the earth, and the stars.
Dorothy Gale was not there.
There is no doubt it is the birthright of every being in existence to walk among the stars.
It was a grave mistake to leave Charis at home.
The dinner-party was over.
The dead are always there.
It has been some time since any man has come in contact with the Bible, but in those few weeks when no one could possibly know what it was about, two men have stood out in that curious and curious company of men who are ever interested in spiritual matters, and have created for themselves books which, like the Bible, are concerned only with the interpretation of religious doctrines.
"Water-by the River Sangreal, and the river is deep." "It is a curious and a curious question, Mr. Captain, if any one has ever attained to the air of a king, or to that of a duke, or to such a preternatural magnitude, as to be able to take a thought for himself, even whilst he was engaged in the business of life, or engaged in any office of state. The author of this work is a man of quiet dignity, respectable in his family, and well known in his country. The first time I heard, or read, of his it seemed to me that I had seen a ghost."
This is the story of the wizard and the beggar, of the fair land and the troubled fields of the setting, of the mighty city of Karla.
The summer leaves bled, and the kitchen smelled so bad that now and then I'd have to go back to the bottom of the garden to get the last of them.
My name is Alva Stenström.
In the dimness of the living room, in the year of our Lord 2566, I stood in the garden in the town of Dorchester, Massachusetts, and looked up to the bright star in the south.
The ship paused at the stern of the bay and looked over the horizon.
It was the early morning hours, and both the wind and the light breeze were blowin', and yet there was no mistaking the broad, dark shape of a ship.
It was four o'clock and I was at home alone with my revision of the Charles Dickens novel, Mr. Battersea and the Magical Man, and who knew what else!
The sun lay golden and bright on the ocean beyond the wind-masted gates of the town of Midlothian.
The ship was like a boat in water, and the wind of the sea.
It was said that the past is the future.
In the late summer of the year 1719, a young man, who had not yet reached the age of sixty, entered the field of geography at the University of Oxford.
I have had my grey hairs for years, and was never in a worse state of mind.
There was once a young woman called Mary, who lived a long, long, long time.
The word 'horror' does not come easily to most people, and it is not for the reason that most people would expect it.
There was once a ship as big as a farm, with a crew of two hundred, all of whom had been at sea in many a year.
Barbro?
There were thirteen children in the village of the wife and husband, who lived in a home that was
====================
