Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
The morning, it was dark and mausoleum-like.
Not long ago, my parents died.
In twenty years, when the world of nomads and mythologists is a thing of the past, when the final days of the Old World are over, when all is said and done and the stars fall dark and grey, only a few men in shining gold and white will know what it was like to grow old in the midst of a great and surging civilization of men and women, the Creator, who had given them dominion over every living thing in creation.
Soot and rust cover the earth.
It must have been a superb day's work in the middle of the desert.
Muffled terror overcame many an English gentleman.
There must have been more than twenty of them if we were to count them all.
On the afternoon of February 21st, 1780, I was travelling with the Lord Mayor of London, through the streets and alleys of London, when he passed me in a room in the Campus of Trinity College, where he was reading an article in the New-York Tribune, while we were walking between Eton two miles away.
"Not a whit deeper yet," said the soldier, "but we're going to make a pretty big hole."
In early 2013, an American journalist, Wayne Madsen, started a website called Truth-ism.com, to which-on the day of his death, he dedicated a new page, titled "Truthism," with the same title and the same content.
The father of the boy had been murdered.
The oceans have changed so much since the time of Captain William Smith, that the sea-city of Dock, where the famous Enterprise was stowed under the stern at Southampton, in 1755, must be seen from a distance as a port and a port has always existed in the same place.
Merlin had a name for a machine that could change the course of the storm, but he never named it.
Fauna, flora, fauna, fauna, and fauna: all of it had been over-mused.
In a city of no great size, its narrow streets were lined with towering houses, and its streets were lined with the high-heeled feet of the upper classes, who, counting their money, were howling with laughter at thought of the rent that might befall the city if the houses in question fell into disrepair.
In my youth, the blacksmith's shop was a quiet place.
In early July, 1679, a letter arrived at the house of the Rev. Mr. Edward Miles, at Cumbernauld, in that county of Sussex, which is called Canterbury again, because the same gentleman who ordered the murder of Henry Skelton, Lord Chancellor, first Baron of the See of Cumbernauld, and now Captain of the Privy Guards, was afterwards called "Nelson"; and that, the author of the letter, who was ever afterwards referred to by the name of "Mr. Miles," was not for want of caution or propriety, or any other reason whatever, called himself "Sir Edward Miles."
I am going to write this history so that you may go on thinking about it.
He who is without sin, without blemish, nor without fault, is he the Son of God.
The magus of magic has always taken great pains to keep his magics out of sight; for there is no man so perfect, so supernatural, or so wise, that he, without the least mistake, could ever have any practicable wish to keep them from others.
A certain scholar, who lived in the year 1719, in an age when a certain set of circumstances were indispensable in application to a particular occupation or profession, although it had never been the custom of the age to authoritie anything whatever, with from the earliest years of the reign of Elizabeth the Second, nor was it until about the year 1740 that the habit of making accounts which were not merely miscellaneous, but which were variable in all sorts of particulars, became the custom of the age.
The great carriage of the Ambassador, which had been at London for some days on end, and was probably in the possession of some person, and which had been brought by one of the principal persons of consequence, was then sitting in the port of Portsmouth.
This man, who is known to the world under the title "Confessor," is of the same age as his illustrious predecessors, yet at the same time of the same age; for while the age of them was not long since elapsed, they wrote down, in their own handwriting, all their names and places of birth, and the names and places of their grandfathers and grandmothers, and the names and places of their fathers, and the latter of their grandfathers and grandmothers, and the names of their fathers, and the names of
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. "Snape?"
My husband and I ran for a year.'
The little island of Sglider anchored itself to the shore of the deep sea, and for a while it was the only real place you could go. 
The big, redhead was running late.
I remember standing there, looking down on an empty sidewalk, and saying to myself: Not so bad until you get to the end, when things start to get pretty ugly.
We were sitting in the audience at the end of Arthurian times, looking down on the sea, and I felt a need to tell everyone that it was exactly as it seemed, although I should add that it was NOT exactly as it seemed.
It was only a dream, but it kept coming.
We lived in an elite, well-appointed Victorian mansion in a fair, quiet neighborhood.
Once upon a time it was all right.
He spent his time reading, writing, dancing, or doing other things that were more likely to bring him into the world and bring him pleasure.
*
"Oh, it's the smell of the sweetest green."
The cold wind howled and howled down the hill, waving in the early morning light.
The sun was up, and in the grass below the house the young people were playing together in the sun.
"Good afternoon."
He laid down in the bed and sank down to the level of his knees.
"Good morning."
In mid-April three young women, bound or otherwise, for an unknown reason -- they had never been known to speak of their names, even to each other, except with a definiteity that was not their own -- were taken to a farm in Springwood, Maine, and there married.
"Midjocks!"
The line up the stairs from Room 100 in the back of the department store was long and thin; despite the fact that it was not uncommon for rich and poor alike to go through the door, the poor usually stayed up the first aisles.
They were sleeping comfortably in a double bed in a large bedroom in an apartment in the fashionable district of New York, one of which was immediately below the ground floor elevator and the other above that.
"Good morning, moron!"
The last of the great earthquakes struck Coruscant in the year 3155, a blizzard of snow and freezing rain that killed whatever was left of the Roman Empire.
It was raining, and the sun shone merrily on the Old World.
The patience of the student is like a precious pearl or a precious stone and, if it is not thrown away, it bears a remarkable value. 
Before the year was out, Negan had killed the governor of New York City.
On the morning of the birthday he had promised to give to his mother, Robert Hardin had the birthday party laid for her.
The girls were in the kitchen making breakfast when the big storm came.
There came a moment when all things looked bright.
The moon was entirely covered, and so was the sky.
The prison cell door had been barred for two hours, and yet it was the exact same shape as the door of the cell in the corridor through which one walked.
Mr. and Mrs. Briscoe Brown were not quite as eccentric as the name would have you believe.
"I hope you had a pleasant Christmas present," said one of the maids to the clerks in the shop.
Mr. and Mrs. Briscoe Brown were not quite as eccentric as the name would have you believe.
The day I had the misfortune to marry Susan, I had the good luck to be at the home of my aunt.
The skull on the gravestone at Korugar has a thousand horns, but it is not musical.
The Black Knight made a small, relatively uncommitted appearance at the door of the former home of a dead woman, but he did not allow the dark-haired widow to remain there.
The story of the Terri-Anne and her husband Isaac Davis family follows nearly exactly the same course as that of the general population.
A fartless old lady, 75 years of age, whose husband had died, had once left a large sum of money and her house in London for the purpose of making a new life for herself, and she had wanted a man who would be faithful to her in the world.
We would like to give you a general idea what strikes us as delicious and useful about the world, in order that you may be able to judge whether you like to live and what sort of a people you may want to be.
"The stage is at last reached," said the pilot.
"And that's not it," murmured the timid boy, who had dropped into the laptop chair by the back door.
The love of my life, the sweet and charming and generous Miss Katharine, who had been
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. "You're going to kill me, aren't you?"
Voldermort looked up and met Snape's eyes, then back at the plate full of melted chocolate and water in his hand.
A short distance down the road, on the eastern moor, the old bowler sat on his haunches in the bright sunlight, watching a cricket take flight.
The only thing that held me back from writing a book was the fact that the writing was all kind of messy.
As he thought, he lifted his head up to look around his bright blue house, and for a moment, he thought he saw a long, dark, empty room, with little else than a door and a rickety stove.
The moon was setting rather slowly when she looked out across the ocean.
I found the final page of that letter when I was out walking barefoot in the woods.
It was the day Aurora was due.
Along the southern shore of a old lake, in one of the smaller coves, there lived a pretty old woman who had died, only to have her daughter come along, some three or four years ago, and marry her, to whose memory she bore a very infamous, rather sordid remembrance.
There are many things, but the most important of them all is the rule of thumb, and nothing else.
But as the afternoon sun began to set, the inevitable question arose:
It is the duty of every man who is at all able to do anything to help the old woman whom he has loved and cherished so long that he is now obliged to marry her.
And now you know why I'M a swine.
Lest you think that I am in any way or fashion insensitive, I should like to make it perfectly clear, that I was born, or was at least conceived, in these parts, and had my earliest life wholly dependent upon the success of mercantile pursuits and the luxuries enjoyed in the suburbs of London, which, however, there was no doubt but that every one in my family had looked with envy on the fancy houses in the fashionable parts of the city, and that, however, it was quite certain that among the wealthier classes the condition of the prisoners was worse than it was in the mean streets of the rest of the country, and that, however, it was no mean matter to me how much the authorities attempted to alleviate the misery of the unfortunate, or to relieve their vexations by any means whatever, there was nothing whatever in the least calculated to entertain any degree of attention or respect in the public, without the knowledge, or the acquiescence of the most powerful and influential members of the community; nor even in the capital at all events, which, though it had its share of beautiful houses, and vast profits in the watch brandy trade, was yet not so well supplied with shops of every description, as, for instance, in the very neighbourhood of St. Mark's, where there were very few shops, as the name of the place implies, and in which indeed there was no shop to be found, but a large front door, with a marble front door, and a very pretty window, with a low door, and a very pretty view, which was open to the street, and very pretty indeed, but which was very seldom used; but it was very rarely used, because the chief end of the business of the merchant was to ward off any suspicion arising from avarice or want of industry, without danger to his manhood, by keeping a certain amount of money in his pocket, and keeping it for a certain period of time in order, as soon as it appeared, to prevent any suspicion arising from the want of considerable credit, which, not infrequently, arose from the want of sufficient money; to the last distinciablie, as much as I possess now; and if this be true, how much more am I confident that I am right; and that I have been right all my life, with equal confidence, or confidence, or infinitude of confidence; unless after all, I have been right; for, as far as I am concerned, I have been wrong all along; and the whole of my life has been a about-work affair; and it is as certain, as I am become able to make it, that I have been wrong all along.
"Soldier, run!"
It is late, but I felt it was the sort of time for breaking those habitual fasts.
The sun was setting.
The silvery blackness around the edge of the moon hung in the shade like a tapestry that had been torn from its hangings, and glittering in the breeze.
I was walking shopping in London on a rainy day in the autumn of 1914, for the purpose of buying presents for my mother.
The green of the desert was more like a garden than a city, and its beauty was
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
The next day, after he had sent for the servants, he lay down on the front steps of the Black family house and watched as his mother poured cup after cup of tea for the household and the servants.
The single feline figure, no more than a wyvern, twirled in the breeze from the ocean to the misty coasts of northern Ireland.
On the fifth day of the month of March, the court was summoned and the President of the Republic of Ireland, Thomas Cranmer, was to make his appearance before the Court of the Twelve.
The winter season was cold and the snow-flakes in the streets were falling quickly. 
He was born on March 23rd, 1876, in the town of Slade, County Armagh, in the West of Ireland, and had a fairly prosperous life afterward.
She was wearing moon boots and a lavender coat.
The small garden where he lived had a rich appearance, but where one could see the lake and the sea.
The sky was grey and cold and dangerous.
She was a very pretty girl, with dark hair which fell to her shoulders, a light complexion, strong eyebrows and a shining face.
I was born on a Saturday morning in the town of Brumby, near Brumby, in the county of Brumbell and with a very pretty face, too.
I was born on a Saturday morning in the town of Brumbell, in the same town which I live in now called Brumbell, in the county of Brumbell, and I was quite a good-looking girl.
It was a beautiful day at the end of November, when the weather teacher, who was dressed like a poet, came into the school, and began to read the titles of some of the works of Shakespeare, and some of the most popular titles.
It was a hot, grey day at the end of August and the weather teacher, who was dressed like a musician, came in the school to speak to the class on the subject of weather.
It was the last day of August, 1871, and the joy of the year was gone and is not coming again, so, as well as I can tell, the land was in a state of perpetual gloom and confusion.
I am dead, but not without a goodly fortune.
It was a warm and clear day in May, and the moon shone bright upon the silver-towered door of the Faneurie Theatre at the bout of the year.
In a small room in the foyer of St. Anne's Church, near the church-yard of the house, a young lady sat in a chair, and watched surreptitiously as the children came through the front door.
When the boy, or Tom, who was about to become a farmer, left the village at seventeen years of age and started for the farm, he was a lanky little fellow, and although he was not accustomed to the rough country life and the heat of the winter, yet he was not destitute of good sense or good sense, however hardened and difficult this may have been for him; and in these latter points he was very faithful indeed; for he always had in his mind one thing in mind; that he ought to be a farmer, even though he might have to starve.
This is the story of the unfortunate and misfortunate Duchesse da Valette, who was the mother of the late King of the South Idances of North America.
Once upon a time, there was a girl named Anne, and so she says, but her family did not believe she was really who she looked and spoke like.
The sun was shining, and the moon was shining, sparkling within the mountain open to the sky.
In the beginning waited the third angel, the angel of destruction.
The Long Wood, the Wood of myths and legends, is but the lower part of the wood, half a mile wide and three miles long, of which only the lower part is truly real, the wood having been formed in the course of ages, and with the help of old things, and the help of the imagination, by narrow and winding channels, which the woods have fashioned themselves into narrow and winding channels; that is to say, there are main channels, intervening channels, or passages, in the basic structure of the wood; and these main channels, or passages, are called "doors," because they are the doors of the wood—a real door,—for the wood is constructed of old things—a real thing, or a real thing . . .
The small ship, with a crew of three, was embarked at the port of Plymouth in the year 1718.
Everyone knew that Charles I of England died.
A strong fog, a grey-brown breeze, a huge storm of wind, and a white mist of rain came over the hills of the old
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
THE END 
The ground was still and quiet, but it was hot and dry and it had a faint smell of decay. 
"Came through a storm, Professor."
Dumbledore looked down at the parchment in his hand. 
Once, he wasn't sure he wanted to be a wizard and then believe what he was told. 
The tower swayed slowly from side to side as the wind howled its quiet mocking tune.
The fighting stopped as they came for Harry, but the fighting made them remember no one but the two of them. 
The day the war began, the War Department was celebrating.
"I'm afraid my wife and son are quite ill," said the man at the desk.
The dark foreboding grew heavier by the minute.
It is a story about a boy who thought he was too intelligent for his own good and a boy who died several times, killed children, and who in the end grew to be nothing less than a menace to the peace of the world.
Tale of Two Cities
A house was green and blue and shiny and beautiful, on fire with the glow of a thousand suns.
"Ooh," said Arthur, peering through the gap in the roof to the backyard.
It is a story about a girl who had a secret and never told anyone, because she would have died if she'd known what it was, and that secret was that she was immortal, and because if she had known what it was, she could have prevented the accident that brought her to this moment, and that accident was the death of her brother, and that was why she had to live.
The hearth was hot and full of dust as the house burned to the ground.
I never knew when I started to cry.
I remember the first time I heard of a place called The StorageCave.
Frank Wilson, an old friend and colleague of Remus Lupin's, once said, "I am afraid, Mr. Lupin, that when your friend is doing a little bit of necessary thing, you know all about it, and he's got all sorts of things on his conscience, but when your friend is doing all sorts of unnecessary thing, you never know what's going on, you just know you're used to it, and it's when you're doing a great deal of unnecessary thing that you really get into trouble." 
"I am compelled to obtain my pardon," said the Judge, "perhaps to save the life of one of my own clients; but, as it stands, I find myself in a position to do much wrong, and to a great extent to blame."
I was born last week. That is the reason we are here.
Shortly after the battle of the Fords there emerged in the country a race of men, who called themselves the East-Winders.
A shaman smiled at the half-starved soldiers of his tribe and said: "Good-by. Today is a great day."
Potter had been playing chess since the age of ten.
The house was silent.
The fish of the river Morn-el-Kettl had taken its turn once more in the happy task of carrying the earth to the next stage of its growth.
"The devil is there."
The little black duck lay curled up on the bank of the great river, waiting to be carried away.
The lights of dawn fluttered over the blackened alleys of the little farm town.
I first heard the story in the library of the University of Oxford, which had been on good terms and had often been in bad humor with the king's scholars.
The ship, the Baltic, which had been in port for several days, had sailed into the Malur River, and had come to anchor in a certain broad and firm place.
The second summer I left home, that I might teach some fellow in England a little which he might find in a book I had in my possession, I became engaged for a year at the age of twenty-one to be a tutor in the library of the great university at Oxford.
"Little, oh, little, Solomon!" cried the dog in the street, "what a horrible sight! At least stop touching me, or I shall eat my tail!"
After it had ceased raining it became absolutely necessary to keep a long train of fans at different ends of the railway.
It was Sunday morning when Mrs. James Fitch came into the living-room of her house in the Avenue of the Thames.
"A knot of people running through the streets, it is now a dead-end road, and from the moment I get down to the corner, there are a few hundred people running about."
"It was a hot day," said Mr. Chamberlain, as he sat down at the table in the dining-room, which was in the
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. 'For once, few have the patience to watch their breath.'
A young woman stood before him, and the breath was stilled before her.
Mum used to love her boots, but they were as old as the southern mud and she hated the way they made her feet feel so frail.
It was late in the afternoon.
"Would you please wipe my face, please?"
The library was silent.
Harry Potter sort of liked to lie.
He was a fourth year Muggleborn, and had, as such, come to the city of London on the last leg of his journey from the Gringotts bank.
The Coral Sea, and its mighty inhabitants, if I am to be permitted an unqualified expression, are rich in colour, and in appearance, and in charm a thousand times the charm of any domestic river or stream.
As was the custom with my father, when my mother died he about-told me that I should have to go to live with the rest of the family, and that his death would be the final act of his life.
The sun rose slowly, and slowly, and now it seems to me that I am going nowhere.
The ancient tower of the hated wizarding archipelago, and the cruel king inside, is only 400 feet tall, and yet it is all but certain that the Thieve, now Argentinian, once lived in the topmost chambers beneath the roof.
Irony!
He was born in a house on the slimy, slum-yard floor of an abandoned city.
​
In the town, the city, the one thing was constant.
For the first time in his life, Oscar, the son of a friend of my mother's, nearly died.
I slept through my first-year school year, and now I am afraid of spiders.
Heroes in pictures, and never before in the history of the world.
I wasn't sure how to feel about the news.
If you were to ask me to choose a single hero, I'd say that hero was my favourite, though there were so many who were better.
"What's the matter, Mr. Alter?" Mr. Alter sighed.
He floated through the dark outcroppings of the volcano.
The light of the moon was just beginning to grow dim, and the red sun glittered in the sky over the glittering ruins of the city of Mount Eclypsis.
In the beginning was a town forever and a time ahead at endless miles.
Mr. Cobb called himself Lord of the Shire.
Clarence Fisk knew his way to Azkaban, and had to be there as a result.
The air was thick with the odours of rot.
He was more than thirty-eight years old when he first put pen to paper.
"Nada."
The sun is shining, but the sky is only a tattered yellow-orange.
After the war, when the rest of us were past, some of us went to Ireland for a while.
When she was nothing more than a mortal, Isabelle Neal had enough friends and lovers who she could trust.
We were at a party.
The hallway was lined with even the most ordinary of people.
I am a writer.
Harry had been dreaming for months of reading a book.
There was once a girl, a child of a hundred years old, who had been brought up in a house and a house in a house.
The sea was full of ghosts.
Buckingham's old-fashioned chair looked over his shoulder as he looked over his books.
He is the only freak we never see die.
"Best of luck," the old man said to his assistant.
Harry Potter, you are in a very strange place.
There is something in a little girl's heart that could change the world.
The air was warm and clear, and perhaps even a little bit too much.
There is no doubt in my mind that I am going to die.
"Harry!"
Two street-cars with driveways of two feet in length pass along the line of the water on one side of the river at the northern end of the village, and on the other it is a matter of a few yards' distance to the high-water-marks and to the narrowest part of the adjacent farm houses.
I am going out to the main street, for I am going to get some of the old pictures that I have hidden away all these years.
The door of the large kitchen-room window was wide open, and the fresh air that hung over the city was lovely.
Titus was driving a dark grey Mitsubishi that owed its existence to the weather.
Persecutions here occur with the same frequency in every village or town, and not without reason.
He stood on the threshold
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
The very great grey bird, the albatross, the GREYNISTON, the very greatest of all the birds, with those long bill-tips and an overgrown beak, that scurried along the street in June, doesn't sleep much.
In his great ivory cabinet beneath the golden door, the smooth and pretty vault of the library, there is a copy of the most ancient book in the world: the fifth book of the Kool-aid-Bible, the Book of the Lost.
The evening was beginning to get dark, and when I looked out of my cottage's front window I saw a white-feathered, jet-black plane cruising toward the tip of Quebec.
This is a story about friendship and motherhood.
You never know what you're going to find.
The snow was thickest when it began to fall.
If he hadn't seen the horse, his father, William A. Shorter, would have known he was on a deserted island, whistling at the day's quiet.
It was a beautiful day in my childhood.
The last man to die was a poet.
The bed that is known as the Malisande bed has a view of the water below and overhangs its feet, supporting its weight and making it a very comfortable bed.
The first time I ever saw a dead body was in a dream, someone whispering, "...the whole herd here at the end of the world."
"It was a bag of shares!"
"I wished I had said I'd show you where my savings went."
The world is full of things we can't quite put our finger on.
Some things, really.
The first thing the look of death and the last moments before the last of the dead are almost too beautiful to bear.
The moon was not there when the assassin dropped into the middle of the night to kill his target.
Rose pleased herself with the title of the book.
The dinner party was in an empty house.
You know how it is when you die?
The commander of an airship had ordered his men to bring him an escape pod from Paris.
The clerk's cat went to sleep in the cash register and woke up to the sound of the rain.
The moon was shining, the stars were bright and the sun was blazing bright.
How rich a world they live in!
In the spring of 1874, Pope Pius IX was travelling to have the last of the Saints of the Antithes buried in the desert of Santa Margarita.
The house was so quiet, so sprightly with its numbers, with its lawns and parks and trees and firs and palms and trees and it was so dark, the moon shone so brightly in the room that it was a wonder anyone could have opened the door.
I am sure you have noticed I am writing about myself.
The morning sun shone on the boarded-up stretch of road that ran between the ocean and the city.
The sun holds its light too long in the mountains of Arno, and the king's skill bit by bit wears away at its edge.
The sky was a hazy gray and faded in the open-mouthed darkness of the Coahuila desert.
I am not a witch, and I have not yet been considered one by those who are.
In an open room on the fourth floor of a building on the hill above the city of Cancún, in the year 1834, a middle-aged man sat down opposite a computer in the middle of a corridor and began to type.
It was a mind-boggling day in Mexico City.
The three men were sitting on the front steps of Henry's baby carriage as he rolled slowly through the long, winding streets of Mexico City.
"If you want to go this way, Jack's here."
"It's a little early to start talking about the war," said Captain Miles Gordon to the Pilot's mate.
The day before the surrender of Mexico, a wave of terror swept over Mexico.
The correct spelling of the name of the island is Santa Barbara, but it is the nickname of the island that the natives call it.
They had known the truth all along.
He was just a baby.
A long, long time ago, in a distant land, there lived a certain boy named Lee.
All that I know of Death is what I have been told.
"Oh," said I, "I'm going to go see 'em."
The first time they met myself, I was eight.
The Sun rose slowly, more like an egg-laying heiper than a blazing sun.
It was a hot February day in the year 1826, when Lady Salisbury of St. Edmund's Church lay the body of her cousin, to the sad and uncharitable
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
THE SILVER DOOR OF LIVING-STORMS STOPPED DOOR SERVES DON'T A-TELL-Y-E-NO-I-WOULD-NOT-ASK-FOR-YOU-IN-ANY MANNER.
The sun rose slowly, the sky becoming a dark grey.
Harry awoke to loud, rumbling footsteps in the corridor across the lake.
"Good morning, Dad," said Uncle Vernon.
A flicker of the well-lounged east light came through the lapping waves.
The world was going crazy.
Fate was a very powerful force.
The rain was still pouring down on No Man's Land, and the world, even if it only was a world, was not what it had been before the war.
A smile crossed Sirius' face as he sat up in bed and jerked his legs.
Once upon a time, there was a boy named Harry Potter.
All the journeys begin with a certain set of animals.
On the last night of his life he dreamed of the dream at the bottom of a well.
It is a melancholy year, my dear sister.
There was once a boy named Sid.
A young woman walked into the morgue. 
Once in a very long while a particular idiot will make a fool of himself, and because he was an idiot he got himself into a lot of trouble himself.
There was once a boy named Sid.
At a certain point in the year, you don't really care how many moons you have, or why you have the feeling you do, you just want to be happy.
It was a cold winter morning when I met my betrothed.
Who was it that came to the library to ask me to join the Sibylla expedition?
I have a bad feeling about this. 
Tonight we're going to be talking little sisters.
The stars of the night lost their brightness when they were projected onto a vast blue screen.
In his youth, Darcy Oram Quine had been willing to do anything to gain power and fame.
Matt, you ever read a book, or, for that matter, any science fiction novel which mentions aliens, and especially aliens of extraterrestrial origin?
The moon was the heart of the world, and the moon was the centre of the universe.
To the untrained eye, she was a very pretty girl.
Handsome and charming, though her appearance sometimes caused consternation in her fellow travellers, Mrs. Wollstonecraft was well known throughout the city.
There is a house in the Tuileries, when there is a sea of houses, where the sun rises, but the moon never sets.
This is the story of a brilliant man, a genius at heart, who, in spite of everything, struggled for a better life than most rich people.
Never sentence someone's death to a decision.
Twelfth-century France was a land of miracles.
The sea was calm, but the wind was as heavy as a horse.
The weatherman in Rome was a big man and a good deal of trouble.
The sky was dark, but when you could see the whole land, if you had the skill and patience, it was a very beautiful sight.
It was wet and smoggy, but such was the poor condition of the roads that the only way out of city, even if by a party of men, you had to have a wagon or two, was to walk along the bank.
There was once a wood who lived in the best part of the country, where the sun shone on mowed cornfields and the oxen rolled in their stalls and the smelt of the landscape waited.
Dipping his finger into the bottle of a tiny silver tumbler, he lifted it to his lips.
Six inches long, two and a half inches wide, and six inches deep, and its weight only a little over a hundred and fifty pounds, this 14th-century woodcut of a Chapel, with its massive steeple, the pink-and-black tile roof and the tiled and overlapping walls, with its chandelier and the arched windows, was a miniature restaurant in a large house in the midst of a wood, where the light of the sun shone through the leaves, and the houses were beautiful, with turrets and turrets and turrets and turrets and and broad porches and gardens, where the people lived, and where the people played.
The quiet of the forest was broken by the sound of the rush of the river Danube, which ran it through a thick and fertile forest.
First a child is born.
When the first red cedar clung to the frozen shore and the lavinian woods of the Swiss-German border, the name of the town was not Aachen, but Christk
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. "Oh, the Sorting Hat! 'Tis cold, dusty, but there's a light in any deep dark place. Admired for its elegance, but regarded with suspicion for its subtlety. Now you know my favorite way to kill a man. "
The light of the morning came like a searing heat, a sudden cold, shivering like a dead cat in the full moon.
The first thing in the morning is for a thought to begin to form on your mind.
It is finally the first day of my second year, and I am sitting in the sunshine of the Tri-Valley house, gazing up at the thin, black, blue sky.
Harry sat silently on the stone steps at the foot of the stairs, his thoughts consumed.
There were eight of us.
Children were invited onto the Hogwarts grounds, and it was an honor.
"You've got a huge head, Potter."
Lucius Snape had spent a long time in his life watching his friends grow, and he had grown sick of it.
On the night the war ended they turned the lawns over, and ran the gardeners out.
"You're not going to die, are you?"
It is just the idea of a saying, but I think it's the truth.
It was the third day of November, and she was in the room with the woman with the face that had once been a man, but had become something else: a woman.
The clock says it is, but I don't know that it's right.
She stood on the balcony of the top of a high, white building, looking out over the sea of green that was the city.
He always wore his hat in one hand and his moustaches in the other.
She stood on the balcony, but not far enough to see the stars.
It must have happened so many times.
The sun shone bright, but I felt cold and wet, a cold, wet, wet cloak sliding over my back.
The dead have no friends.
The sun went down and there was nothing but the blue of the sky.
On the evening of the third day of November, when the town was at a standstill, Harry Potter stood on the balcony of the castle with his back to the sea.
Now I must tell you that there is no way I ever would have done it, if at the time my aunt had not been so helpful in everything that I have done, and that I am sorry to think that she did not know all about it.
A boy and a girl were dying.
The starry sky was full of stars.
It was a hot summer day, and all across the land the sun was shining brightly.
"Something's up," said the old woman, as she cradled the great volcano in her hands.
I am the owl who comes to the window of the past.
Harry entered the horsetail stables and shook hands with the old man who kept them in business.
The universe began with the pulse of a single atom.
There is no sun, there is only heat.
Harry Potter had always intended to write a children's book.
There was no sun, there was only heat.
Siskais will not have noticed that the very day when he was to enrol in his first year of school, his grandmother had him sent to the London School of Economics.
Marvellous.
Hermione looked down at the clock, heard it run, and smirked. 
One morning, she had a dream.
I am writing this letter to you now from the boat at the bank.
There is no sun.
I am writing this letter to you now from my private chambers in the house of my parents.
I have nothing else to write to you, my dear friend.
It was rather a terrible time for the Church, it is true - a bad time.
The weather was bitterly cold, and there was nothing but snow on the streets.
There was a great storm of lightning, and the river was turning blue all around.
"There is nothing to do," said the old man in the house of the old man.
There was a great storm of lightning, and the river was turning purple all round.
We live in a world which, in every way, is the worst.
It was a light and sunny afternoon in March, when eleven-year-old Harry Potter sat down at the table of his friends and began to work out the details of a wedding.
"I think we've got the whole wedding over with," said the old man in the house of the old man.
The great storm of lightning, which was the cause of the storm which had shattered the heart of the town of Turin, had come on suddenly and suddenly, and it had come suddenly.
It was a
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"Of course, Marsh, you're not going to like it, but it's the truth."
• More from "The Trickings" scene of "The Adventures of Oliver Twist – Part I –    e,   the scene in which a young boy (Shirley Dearborn) is lured to a farmhouse, where she meets Mr. and Mrs. William Samuel Lister, a wealthy family from the South of France, who are the descendants of the great Richard de Lister (1770-1851), one of England's most distinguished lawyers."
"All right, Mr. Potter. It will be all right."
"Never mind, nice try."
"Good-by, beautiful."
The only thing that could have stopped this would have been if a raging typhoon had not dived into the bay and brought with it a madman, central to the whole affair. 
"He's a bully, isn't he?"
At the time Potter had not even heard of the Winter Sickness, but he knew everything about it. 
"When he said that one wizard wanted to have you killed, he wasn't exaggerating."
"Warp me to any other dimension and you could kill me."
"Who was that first one, of course?"
"I don't know, to be honest, Harry," Draco Malfoy said.
"All right, Mr. Potter. It will be all right."
"All right," Harry muttered.
The moment the policemen started coming in, Harry had no choice but to run.
"Are you all right?"
"Yes, Mr. Potter, I am all right."
"Good-by, young hero," the doctor said as he pulled the hood up.
The sound of the rain was a rousing success in the distant hills, the screams of terror thundering around the city, shaping the landscape.
"I don't believe it," said Mrs. Ian MacLean as she sat down on the front steps of their house and looked down at the dusty back lot.
"She died, Potter," the old woman said.
"I was born in the year of the Great Mars-Mars-Gobli-Qui-Chapin-Mars of the year of a Small-Class Asteroid called Eris, January 29, 1844, and was born in a village near the village of Eisle.
Anyone who hasn't read "The Chronicles of Narnia" knows that it's a story about a boy and a girl who stay in a house in a village in a country called Narnia.
"That's not the problem with the world, is it?" said the old man as he looked down at the pile of dusty papers on the table.
"You're dead, Potter," said the old man.
"What a sad sight, to lose one's mind," said the old woman as she looked at the pile of papers which covered the table.
"I am only an empty shell, Mr. Mundeley," said the man who had the name of McGookle on his forehead but was really Mr. John Mundeley.
"I don't know what else to say," said the old woman as she took the stack of papers from the man on the right.
"You're not going to believe it," said the old man as he opened the stack of papers on the table.
My name is Merida Everett, and I am an artist who's lost all interest in money.
My name is Lorelei, and I am an author whose work is unread. 
In the summer I was six years old, I climbed to the top of a tree and cut my hand off. 
There was once a small village in the middle of the American West.
There were three women; the mother, mother, mother.
I was born in the year of the Kings of Israel, in the town of Tyre.
Tall, lanky, golden-haired and tawny-eyed, Rachel pushed back her black-haired daughter's heavy trunk and waded through the, mud. 
Fleur was six weeks old, and she had always been like this.
"I'm telling you now, I'm going to kill you."
It was a miserable, rainy day in 1821.
The day the new Sabbath was to take effect, the church bells rang in the Westmount District.
The person who made the decisions in scientific education was a man with a long name and a cool head. 
"I am going to apply for a patent for my new invention, and I have to tell you that I am getting very tired of waiting.
The last night of the summer months of my life I lay down beside my desk, and I wasn't thinking about anything else, not even my work
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
He (bald-faced, gray-haired) was the only person in the dining-room who was not maudlin.
The valley of the Waking Moon lay beyond the headland of Cumrys, and there saw the moonlit trees that yielded their light in the mild light of the sapphire-glass windows.
I was born and raised in a house in the shadows of the forest.
The hills are silent.
You will never believe what's in the room.
They said he was a god, but it wasn't true.
The mud and the sand were running as if they had been sitting there all day.
"There, now, it will be over with," snapped the wolf, "and the earth will be quiet."
The smoky, old-school bar was crowded and a little noisy.
Your father's the flower, the fair one, and the sweetest of them all.
Commander of the Great White Fleet, Lord Nelson, and Admiral of the Navy, makes this declaration:
My more than thirty-two years in the service of the Emperor of the Caliphate, have been spent, and yet it has never failed me to see more than one consideration of an absolute and absolute evil in all the conduct of all his citizens and subjects.
Three days before my marriage, I returned home only to find my life had become a living hell.
I was a mess gate girl, a first-class girl, who was born in the year 1846 of the year of the Emperor of the Roman Empire.
There is but one god, and that is the Father of Light.
Here's the story of my life, as it happened:
The mutilation of my genitals did not begin with the men in the house.
Fantasy only, but if you like the idea of death, I think you will enjoy the story told in the beginning of the novel.
I stood there staring up at the ceiling, hoping that my sister would tell me to get up before she saw me die.
It was a great, wonderful day in the year 1780, when Queen Victoria gave birth to her second child,
The great day of the making of England, when she hears of the Universe, and knows what it is, and sees all around her how it moves, and touches all things; when suddenly she feels that something is wrong with her soul.
The blackness, where flesh and bone ceased, lay waiting.
Life's a series of accidents.
In the year 1789 a young man named Dr. John Mitchell, of Wiltshire, was making a tour of the country; and while in England he had written a remarkable book which described all the events of his country, he had also written some notes relating to a particular town of that name, called Merseyside.
When the world started, all there was was light.
In the year 1663 the little town of Brussels, in the district of Brussels, which has since come to be known as Coventhe, was, in the course of its history, a very insignificant place of about twenty-one inhabitants, in a very respectable neighborhood.
The stranger in my late book who has anticipated many others, says that although he was born in the year 1646, he has never heard of a time when he had not heard of a certain gentleman, who is still living, although not a very long time ago.
The moon was full of shining stars, and the great city of Paris was little more than a heap of ruins, beyond the marshes which surround it.
The sun rose upon the little island of Altikiari, in the strait of the bay, which separates the island of the Whites from the island of the Vanu, or Indians, of the adjoining bay.
The twin green mountains rose up upon the high plain before the town of the well-known architect, Monsieur Thiebault, in the neighbourhood of the town, at a little distance from the time when the sculptor first drew the figure of the Virgin, and on what occasion, if at all, she appeared.
In the year 1723, when the Comte de Chevreul, with his nephew, in his bedchamber, had left the government of Paris, and gone to the protection of the family of Louis XIV., a letter was sent to the Great Council, to inquire whether any mission of Christmas-day was to be sent to the city of London.
The first time I had the good fortune to see a woman grow old, she was as beautiful as a goddess.
When the first snow fell in the land of Mundus, when the first snow-flakes of summer fell in the vast plain of the West, when the first flocks of the Deer-crested Cherise and Swan-crowned Cow had written to their mother, that a king, whose
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. "If it's safe, I wanna see you dip your hands in the water to get it out."
--
This story is based upon a book by Pamela B. Lee, who has designed beautiful artwork for many fine authors, including Sir Robert Chubb, Peter Carey, and George Bernard Shaw.
When I was ten years old, I was sent to live with my Uncle, who lived in a house deep in the bowels of a frigid river.
At the moment when evil came about in the land, the king had no enemies.
On the night Pernigol gave the order to kill the bishop, the young boy who had been called after his mother to give account of all his riches, by the name of Tom Sawyer, had just finished a long and tiresome day in the harvest of an apple orchard, when his mother appeared before him alone.
There was a time when far beyond the grave lay the land of the dead.
On a clear, blue evening in October, 1685, a ship set out from Gloucester harbor.
He had three brothers, all of whom were distinguished men, and who in their turn were distinguished men.
The fourteen-year-old boy cried, "Mum, don't throw it away, please."
Whenever I read a book, I always try to find the line where the protagonist has to make a choice.
On an airplane with a large compass, Harry Potter watched as his father took his seat, smiling behind the pilot's window.
I'm looking for some stupid book, some book which will tell me how to live my life.
As smoke descended in the distance following the end of the war, a quiet pass at the last end of the line, that of Neville Longbottom, and the want of a single passenger, one might have feared in the run-down and crumbling frame of the building that the British Ministry of Foreign Affairs was going to be collapsed into a single vast mass of dust and rubble.
The moorland, an island of quietness and solitude, was a place of peaceful reflection.
The sun was shining brightly in the northern sky, and the street lamps were gleaming and the birds of the air were singing.
Hallo there.
In a corner of the southern flanks of the Mediterranean is a city called Capua.
The war was long; it began on the first day of October, and it ended on the third day of January.
The war had begun with the sinking of the British fleet, which had been seized when the Trafalgar had broken up.
The brothers had been separated for years.
One day, when James was 13 and Cecil was only five, their mother took him to see the ancient statue of the Roman emperor Antonius.
First thoughts of death were always followed by sonographer's drawings, and the drawing process became an increasingly complicated enterprise.
Some say that death was lived on average, but others, such as myself, say that it was an average of seven years.
I was not a very good writer, and my pen was not exactly a fountain of gold.
I looked at the picture of myself in the mirror and I thought: There's no way I could possibly look like this.
I was born in a house where the mother took her name from the gods, and the father from the earth.
One day, my brother Samuel came to visit me at my mother's, and he said to me, "Grandma, I've got a surprise for you."
There was once a village in the mountains, near a stream — on which there were more or less beautiful trees; but in the season when the trees were most abundant, the stream was so narrow that it must have been possible to get through it without crossing the mountains.
He was in a pile of papers on the floor of the bicycle shop.
I was born in the middle of nowhere.
My name is Robert David Evans, professor of botany, and my secretary's name is Dr. Nora Miltand.
I am a prick of a man.
I wish that everybody were like me.
I was born in a little river near the English sea-coast.
The sun was shining brightly.
THE LONG DRIVER


That horse, that stallion, that total stranger who sat in a coach in the middle of the road, had travelled at a rate of sixteen miles per hour, and his name was Tom.
The north was beautiful. 
My name is Christy, and this is a story of my life.
I am an old girl who has been dreaming of a dream for many years.
I am not merely a writer of miscellaneous fiction.
It was a cold, wind-shrouded morning when my mother tucked me into bed, one full of the dread of the future, and her own worries, and put her trust and faith
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"Mister Potter, do you remember how we were going to get home?"
"One minute ago, I had gone out of the house and was walking past my aunt, who had a large house and neat lawn, and who was the best-looking woman in the world in her so-called 'faux-fashion,' as she called it – as a matter of fact, I wasn't even aware of her real face; I only vaguely recognized her as a person, if I had been standing there long enough to see that her face was genuine, or at least as ladylike as I might wish it could have been had I not been, as it really was, dark-haired and somewhat more graceful, though she could have been any one of any age or from any country or any background, except that of the most notoriously ugly and the least likely of all conceivable.
"One minute ago, I had gone to the library to read a book that I had been meaning to read for years, except that I had been enjoying my time very much not only reading a good book, but, above all else, thinking about it.
"I am not comfortable in my apartment with the air of one who has been abused by another.
"The way the kodakara waited for me at the door was more like a stalking animal than an ordinary dog.
"In the beginning was the Word."
"The gift of life, the gift of the Tri-Fire, was, in the end, the gift of the Tri-Gods."
"Love is the greatest enemy of wisdom, and love, like wisdom, is the treasure of fools."
"I believe that one of the causes of our own mortal follies is that we long to be masters of our own minds, and of our own souls; that we long to be in possession of our own affairs, and to be able to control them.
"It was a bitter cold day in the very city of the Gods."
"We left the ship at eight o'clock, but didn't know it.
"By the time the May festival comes around, everything will have been done."
"Still, the weather was fantastic!"
"We need you, Potter."
"I am very sorry that you have to leave us. I am very sorry that you have to leave us. But you know what? It was the best thing I ever did for you.
"You've got the same face all right, as always."
"He's right with the nose. Look at me."
"You've got to go, Potter, you're going to get nothing but trouble."
No one ever said you could do it all alone, or that you could be anything you wanted to be, but you were certainly not alone on this ship.
When the 6 came, the boy with the red hair stood up, took his seat in the front, and started whistling to drown out the voices from the lower decks.
Harry had been walking his entire life. He was seventeen, he had a job, and he was going to go to Hogwarts.
The death of a person is as bad as death itself.
We set out for home the night before sunrise, hoping to be able to find the house we had been told looked like a house.
We were going up on the hill on the opposite bank of the river from the house where the main stage was situated.
The evening was warm and almost no one was home.
The head of the household had done everything.
There was once a man in a swamp.
During the summer of the year of our lord 187 in the year of our Lord 117, in a place called the Library of the House of the Black, the library of the House of the Black, which was at that time occupied by a certain Sir Francis Clerc, the noted rector of the school of Law of that household, there lived an uncle, Mr. Lord Malebranche[,] of the house of the Household, in whose name I shall be speaking hereafter.
I know, I know. You think I'll be all right.
This is the story of a tiny town in a small state, with two tiny main streets, separated by a low stone wall and a low fence, and a low, low garden.
The sky was clear and the sunset was bright and warm, and there was no wind and no snow in the Rocky Mountains.
In a town of thirty families, with a population of one hundred, there lived a man named John Nalspence, who had no children.
In the middle of the summer, eighteen years ago, there was a boy named Mark, and the years were bright and good.
On the evening of the 13th of July, in the reign of Henry the Third, six score and six.
Crowded up on the highest point of
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. "That's a good one, Potter. I don't believe you killed my sister, but it sure as hell wasn't my fault. Troyier spent an hour stinking up my kitchen, and my aunt's room."
The adult wizard looked down at the scroll in his hand. "What's the matter?"
Professor Draco blinked, now that he had fully recovered from the overwhelming sense of relief during the dance as the nine people who had been invited to the ball had all been eliminated, and he was sitting with his back arched and his head hanging down, and he thought for a moment about what he was going to say in the next few moments.
"Professor?"
"Ah, yes. I think you're going to like this story, Harry."
"I feel quite at ease."
"What?"
"It's weird."
"Piss off. What a horrible idea."
"You've got to be kidding, James."
Harry thought it was sensible to book time off work for a few days, to see the rest of the country, but it was not sensible to arrange to go to Italy with his loving parents.
"Pleeease tell me about your life," said the young girl, with a smile.
Harry, who had just finished reading the First Law of Thermodynamics and was beginning to understand how it applied to the solar system, was beginning to get a bit of an itch.
To start with, the only people who ever believe in the power of magic can be found in the broadest possible categories - men.
The morning was silent and gloomy - a fine weather day, but still a cold and airless one.
Harry, too, was aware of the strange and unpleasant quality of the weather, as it came on in the mornings and on the afternoons, but he had never been troubled by its depressing atmosphere, any more than the other children.
The quiet and pleasantness of the weather again gave way to the long, dark, damp streets of London, before returning to its quiet and cheerful atmosphere.
The windows of the flat above the garden entrance were shut against the night.
The sky was clear.
Once upon a time, there was a wizard named Albus Dumbledore.
The sun shone on the arable fields of northern Britain through the trees of the Tewkesbury Estate.
In the days before the Second World War, there existed within the British Empire a great city, and a great state, and a great nation.
That does not mean that the pre-war world was a happy place.
The sun still shone brightly on the horizon in western New Zealand.
Harry Potter was sleeping peacefully in his bed, his head resting on the pillow, when a bright beam of light pierced through the thick darkness and across the room.
Though the public has generally accepted the fairy tale that the First World War was fought by the Germans, there had been no convincing empirical data to support such a view until the end of the war, when it was accepted by most scientists that the Allies had not only won the war but had won the war in a decisive manner.
The waves of the Mediterranean were a poor match for the vast ocean that stretched before them.
Mrs. Thomas Pemberton, aged fifteen years, had been dreaming for more than two years, and right now the thought that she would have to die thrilled her more than anything else.
The heat of Normandy had just dropped, and the clouds were shaking and the rain was still coming down, when the first wave of the German assault reached the beaches of Meuse, where the business of the day was to repair and supply the tanks and bridges that had trapped large numbers of the British.
Cassel, a most fascinating place, had once been a charming little village which in the seventeenth century became the centre of a vast manufacturing district, or bazaar, or market, or anything of that sort, which was known by the fashionable transliterations of the present day.
The BBC has seen the last of the Sea monster.
I remember when I was six years old, my mother took me to see the Whale in the Canyon of the Serpent.
In the year that the world began, 1280, there was a drought in Lebbeuf, where it was quite warm, in the winter, and where the sun shone brightly, and where the snow was of the heavy type.
As a child, I remember well the first time I heard the word "haunted house."
The first thing I remember clearly is an unearthly sound of thunder and the sound of very fine snow crashing down from the sky, as if the wind had suddenly grown very heavy.
In the month of March, 1811, in the year of our Lord, it being the third day of August, the provincial council of the Province of Montrond chose to meet in secret, at Saint-B
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
She looked at the different little silver letters that were spelling out the first name.
There was a time when he was the only person in the world who could understand the language.
The young man wondered who the hell'd say these words. 
there had been a dreadful crash, a terrible sound, beyond words.
BOON!
Bill really, really wanted to go away.
It was like a dream, a thousand times too vivid and altogether too unreal. 
He came to him through the bar, and he – opened his eyes – saw the world entirely different from the way it was. 
This is a story that we are writing to tell, not to guarantee, but as a means of crediting its truth.
The boy, it shouldn't have to be said, but it's what I'll say anyway, woke up slightly miffed. 
There was once in a corner of a dusty and dirty little town something called "the Town of the New<|endoftext|>n that time i pick the poison
No.
Just when I thought they couldn't make any more, the group of kids turned on me.
Background must be important.
There was an emergency in the FM tube last night, but I'll save the details for another day.
Gideon was singing the song, a song I had been meaning to write for a long time.
She walked up the hill, looking down at the ocean.
It was going to be a dark night in the city.
In the early morning the world was swept away by a torrent of snow.
I am the king of the gods, and they of the earth, and the living in all things, and in all things I am: and they are dumb, and have no understanding, and know nothing: I am the Lord: and they that believe in me, the Lord make glorie of them; even the dumb, that believe not, are blessed.
I didn't know what the hell was going on but I knew it wasn't ok.
I remember sitting in my sister's bedroom and thinking, "I want to be an actor."
The first time I saw Meg was in the summer of 1980.
I was ten years old and I had just emigrated to the United States.
Not trying to be a disappointment but I did come across as a particularly annoying teen-age boy.
It was the greatest of all summers.
It's not a question of whether you're going to die. It's a question of when you're going to die.
When I was three years old, my uncle had a stroke.
I remember when my mother gave me the cold shoulder.
I was born today.
It was one of the great tragedies of the late nineteenth century that no city in the great.
I woke up one morning with a book in the corner of my eye.
When the thing was over, after all the bloodshed and the loud voices and the gloomy city, when the dead were buried in open plots and mowed down by the headlights of passing cars, the streets had the air of a decent city, and the quietness of a suburban home.
It was a beautiful Saturday afternoon, and the sun shone warm and clear, and the trees of the forest glittered in bright green against the blue sky.
There was once a Woodland Valley village called Yellow Owl's Hollow.
It was the third Thursday afternoon of June in February, and I was reading in the prisoner's books at St. Peter's, in the lower reaches of the prison, when I heard the voice of the sans needleman calling to me from the cell of a prisoner I was about to release.
I looked up from my book and saw the large house where the King was staying out in the country.
The first man to arrive at a remote location, without any knowledge of the locality, and without any method of navigation, was not an expert in the art of voyaging, or even in navigation, but he was, however, an expert in sea-craft; and the first man to make a voyage without any knowledge of the localities, without any method of navigation, was the same man who had made the first voyage, and had already brought with him, in consequence of curiosity and for infinite profit, a great quantity of useful knowledge and valuable experience, among which he had acquired, in a short time, because he had been accustomed to keep the knowledge of distant places in his head, and had believed that he was always to find some necessary article for his use in some remote corner of the earth, which he had come upon without any knowledge whatever of the locality.
Some experts have a reputation of being beautiful.
He had known nothing but blows from the very beginning, even before he became a hydra.
I have always had an idea of what it was like to be drowned in a pool full of glass.
I had
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
''Well, as you can see, I'm shooting a bloody rat.''
The door opened, and, the moment's momentary pause, the maid hurried in, frantically wiping away the blood.
When the sun rose on a grey, smogless September day, Lara Barrow sat down in her front-yard garden in Monument Hill, a grimy island of green, and stared into the little pool, imagining a world without a sky of silver or the blue of crimson.
''Like a truck!''
There is no word for the sound of a mosquito's wing being fastened.
There was once a boy, named David, who had a dream.
It is said that the journey to hell was very hard, and that it might have been very dangerous, even to the ordinary traveller.
The neanderthals had been wiped out.
The memory of that summer night has always haunted me.
The Asterium had been a gloomy place, though it had always seemed bright and cheerful, too cheerful, when at last the ship that lay at last at last at last at last arrive at the moon, which was comparable in the quality of grace and beauty of its surface and of its atmosphere as the sun.
The shape-shifting angels looked up from their immaterial forms.
In a city of painting, the scale of its painting is exaggerated, its aspect exaggerated, in an attempt to mask its reality.
The darkness was deep, but the moonlight was great.
Amber wondered why she had been in such a strange place.
Nearly two hours after she had set out on her journey to the far-away city of s..., the young woman arrived at the eastern gate of the town. 
On the verdant lawn of a small town, in the midst of the picturesque gardens of the old-fashioned family where the little boy named Harry still played, lived the old-fashioned farmer and quilermaker, Mr. Robinson, who had been husband and father to his wife, Lady Amelia, since their marriage in the summer of 1842.
The sky was grey and the darkness narrow, the moon half-drowned in the deep, and the stars a scant few inches above the horizon.
There are still places in our world where blue-veiled old women sit in wait to stab you in the back with a needle and thread.
It was the dead of night that awoke Harry to the fact that, for the first time in his life, he would have to go on a journey.
Marian starlit the lawn with a profusion of stars.
The house stood in the dark, across the road from the lake.
The lord of the Fiery Heart was in his garden, watching his fowls, and he talked to his new vizier, and the old master of the house was very happy.
The first thing that comes to mind when I think of my first marriage experience is that it was the most dangerous romance of my life.
They were in a house on a bluff, a house across from the lake, a house that looked out over the lake.
Roger the Musketeer had been living in Co. Galway for three years.
There was never a place, in every city on the globe, that did not have a fireplace, a pump, a steam-engine, or a doctor to deal with any problem that might arise therefrom.
There is a reason for this book.
It is one evening at the end of February when I went to see the puppet.
I could swear that my mother told me it.
The sailor went over to the wharf, where three anchor-ships stood ready to receive him.
I raise my eyes from the book I am reading to look around me.
The town was in the midst of a second world war.
Dinesh was in her bed when the doorbell rang.
I would like to tell you that I am absolutely innocent.
Suddenly, the sky was clear of clouds and the streets were full of people.
He was a very good-looking boy.
The ground floor of the old mudless apartment was not very tall, but it was much smaller than the rest of the apartments that occupied the first three floors, and it had all the hallmarks of a rented period-closet.
The dreamer was sitting alone with a crystal-eyed youth, who was fascinated by the prospect of success.
It is a dream I have had many times.
In a valley in Oregon there lived an extremely perspicacious and intelligent man.
In the early summer of my early twenties, I was living in my father's house in a small city on the Pacific coast.
I remember the first time I viewed known astrology.
The stars rose out of the clouds like the teeth of a mighty dragon.
I was seven years old
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
Pursue me, my lord, or I'll make for the door!" said the same old voice,
He sauntered across the empty park, undisturbed.
Estelle Chater, female chandelier-holder of Saint-Domingue, paced lazily in an almost frenzied manner, holding two white linen sheets aloft.
At the bottom of a dark shaft, on the bottom of the desolate continent of Otho, lay a large, immense and cold and forbidding forest.
I thought I would write my last story before I die.
Miriam stood up from her chair and leaned forward, her head leaned forward and her hands clasped across her face.
It was the night when the dead came into their own world.
The day that all things died was one in which the world, or at least the part of it that was mostly human, had floated into nothingness.
My name is Joan, and I'm a housewife, and I've had a bad day.
One Monday evening, before Stephen had settled into the routine of his work, he decided to make a discovery.
In the year 1742 my mother was with her family at the entrance to the large port of Southampton.
At eleven hours, six minutes and seven seconds after ascending into the dark and stormy world of the dimension of the dead, I stepped through the iron door that led into the realm of dreams.
During my childhood I dreamt of happy endings, and the hope that one day my loved ones will return to the loving care of their loving ones, and the trouble of reconciling the difference of opinion that has existed between them for a long time.
In the time of Saint-Hilaire, in the year 1727, there was a former nun, who had been admitted to the monastery of Rosary Vincent in the town of Vauville.
The creature with the serpent-like face and long sword-hand, with the golden crest, and the lightening-green eyes, had been the object of five or six different imaginations, but the one which I may call here the benevolent spirit, and which I shall call in the future the good spirit, was always the object of my most ardent desire.
An enormous crowd, many of its members boys and girls, many of them who had never seen the ocean before, gathered in the Rosewater below the crown of the great bower, in the city of London, in the year 1727.
The ocean is not a river, but a small lake on the shore of a great forest.
On the day that the entire universe was born, in an event which has never been explained except to men of the intellect, a train of gigantic orbs, of all kinds, and sizes, and colors, and colors and shapes and sizes, and all that the eye, or more properly the ear, or the fancy of man, could perceive, crossed the sky from west to east; and having traversed that vast region, it was possible for any man, or any woman, or any aged person to make out a literal or figurative representation of the vastness, the depth, the numberless dimensions, and the multiplicity of that region of space, which has been called the universe, or the portion of it, or that portion of the universe, which is called the universe, or that portion of it, or the proportion of the universe.
In the winter of the year 1734, in the town of King George the Third,, in the year of grace assumed by the Emperor Joseph II. of Russia, the Prussian king, King Louis XIV., of Süttintretat, from the Houses of the House of Saxony and other outlying quarters, had become incapable of exercising any great influence in the political affairs of the kingdom.
Maggi and I were sitting on the high bench, near the window, when the storm broke out, and it came out as a terrible din.
The contents of the box which I am going to enclose may be perhaps more intelligible to you from the detailed account which I shall take of it, than from any other account, for the following reason:
The night before the election, we were at the theatre in the market-place of our hotel, in the neighbourhood of the castle of St. Andrews.
After nine o'clock in the morning, I woke early; and, looking about me, wondering whether I had taken the wrong exit.
Mr. and Mrs. Peters, in the year 1757, had a son, Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Peters, then living at the town of Linscrabbe, which is about twenty miles to the south.
On my first day as Mr. Cunliffe in the reign of George III., I was called into the office of the king, and informed that he had appointed me as
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"I have seen my fair share of pain," he said.
"As a matter of fact, I am much sorry to hear of the death," said the old witch.
"You don't look like any of the other pensioners, do you?"
"I am sorry to say that within the last few days my survival has become a matter of grave concern," said the old witch.
"How can you be sure that his death was not the work of a small group of pranksters?"
"Mr. Smith, do you have any idea what this is all about?"
Smith was the only living person in the whole room.
"I am afraid that your auntie and uncle are quite far away on the other side of the airfield," said the Magenta-haired woman, "and the little place they came in was a very bad one in all respects: the dogs were sick; the maids didn't know how to wash it, and the air was full of the soot of the mills and factories.
It was a hoary old house in a half-built lot, or at most a half-empty one.
When I first heard about the collision, I was so excited that I went to the front gates of the house, in case any of my neighbours might be kind enough to help me get to the car.
"This is the house in the middle of the valley," I said.
The sun beat down in the morning mist of early summer.
"Here is my name," said the old and very poor man.
It was a bright and beautiful day in March, the seventh year of my age, and I was sitting at home on the upper floor of the great house near Bosworth, thinking of the olden times, when all my life I have been thinking of Mr. George.
I have been haunted by the memory of my father, a young man of twenty-one years, born shortly before I reached the age of twenty-one, to my regret much.
In the summer of my boyhood, I was growing fat and tired of sitting in the heat and rain.
Tom was caught in the thousand little clumps; half asleep or dead, half disoriented and drifting aimlessly through life.
Some days ago I was sitting down at the kitchen table at Mary's to finish a little bill for the woodworking shop, when I began to recall a good while back my father, who was a good-looking, well-to-do farmer who had in the last few years become a very wealthy man not only of his own land but of his own money, and who had been very careful, as a matter of course, to keep up with all the latest inventions and discoveries made in the field of agriculture, and who had, as a good-natured example, added to the wealth of his country an immense amount, and whom I have never forgotten his great credit to maintain because he had carried on the work of his father at the same time of doing it, though not without much expense, and had yet enabled the latter to do much more than he had done before.
The sun was shining bright and bright in the broad evening air, and the little meridian of the world, that was the last star of the Northern constellation of the Pleiades, its name, which is the source of one of the most celebrated and most interesting legends in the whole world, is perfectly true.
The Ocean?
True, she was a smart little thing, almost two years old, who was not really a girl, but which people thought was a girl, because she would turn into a big good-for-nothing known as 'Sophia' instead of into a girl, and she had been mistaken, they say, from the first moment when she was born, and she had believed everything she had been told.
The moon was still rising, and the trees and shrubs and bushes that overhung the garden at the foot of the hill were still all green, the leaves rising until they were almost blue, and the wind howled occasionally and loud in the grass; but it was quite clear that the bitter cold had not given it any colour, and it was not long before the moonlight, which had been steadily increasing during the winter, was beginning to become increasingly brighter, and the leaves seemed to be beginning to turn a little more distinctly blue, and that is what you may observe in the picture, which I have just finished writing.
I was only twenty-one when I met my death.
Madam, may I ask at once whether I am a man of genius, or merely of vocation?
I began, early in my life, to find it difficult to escape my father's desire for me.
I am sorry, but I cannot go on writing this line in the face of the difficulty that confronting so many who, from the age of
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
Finding a new home for your soul and your body is a great adventure.
You don't realize how soon your life is going to change.
Lord Voldemort did not like to be disturbed, and he would not have it otherwise.
The sky was as black as the forest.
A knock at the door sent Harry scrambling into the first-floor parlor of the Dollar General.
One lovely day he was walking through the meadow and up to his house.
It was a long day spent in the library.
It was a cold afternoon, but Harry thought the house was still warm.
It was a cold day, but Harry didn't mind.
It was November, and the snow covered the highways and cities of the United States.
It was an extremely cold night, and Harry was still standing.
A wood smelt the same as the earth, and the same air smelled the same.
Quietly he observed that his friend was the very picture of quiet and serene.
Mickey Gale was a large man, with a small face, a big mouth, and a large nose that looked like the talking head of a frozen exchange.
I was born into the family of Aggelore, which is another name for the family of Marlene, the widow of my uncle.
I was born in the year of the third moon, and all the snow on the outside of the house was melted away.
In the year of the thirteenth moon, the sun seems to have stopped shining.
It was about twelve years ago, in the year of the twelfth moon, that the Emperor Maximilian V, after sitting on his throne as though he had been sitting for days, died.
The moon was shining gold.
It started when Harry came home from school with a box in his hand, and a slightly larger box in another hand.
It was the week after the rivers had parted that his brother was born.
Anna couldn't believe it.
It is [12.12.16], and you are here.
They [the brothers] had gotten upset about their brother's being unmarried.
I am sitting here all alone in this carriage, and I am writing this letter, not knowing what to expect.
The city was named after a person, not a person, but a good person, and, thanks to some miracle, a very good person.
That day, me, my brother and my sister all got together for lunch.
It was the day that Harry and his brother, Ron, got their Gringotts money.
It was my birthday and my sister and I didn't care what anybody said.
There was once a man named Chester Brougham who could never remember the name of his parents.
Nobody knows how long he was dead, but he had lived in a certain house in the churchyard when he was six or seven.
My sister, who: she was not, or at any rate never was, the daughter of the man who died, was three years old when he died.
In my earliest years an angel appeared to me and told me that I was to marry a man named Robert.
The black and white photographs of the town are a bit too blurry to make out much of anything.
The moon rose over the viewport window
There was once a country situated, close by on the sea and far away on the open islands, which had been the scene of the great events of the world.
I am not sure how long I have been awake, but I have been now for nearly three minutes.
The past ended when I was six years old.
The cruise on which the three of us were embarked was called the 'The Pleiades', and it was two days before Christmas, by our reckoning, when the party was to begin.
The steam had reached a very low simmer, and the travellers' trade had been carried on at a very slow pace for some weeks, if any longer at all.
The sky was grey and the cold, wafting in from the cold, was as thick as a breath.
Her life was to be a stranger in a strange land.
To Circe is very nearly a treasure, and though it is not proper to discuss the disposition of a person before she has attained to a certain age, I shall say that the owner of the house opposite to which I am now sitting, and of a certain age there never was a person who, till she had reached her twenty-first birthday, could not plainly distinguish her – those persons were all strangers to her.
I do not remember exactly when I last heard of Moll.
I have just come to the house where I once lived; and if it does not strike one as some sort of a strange coincidence, it is because it does not seem so – though, indeed, it might be either a very bad thing or
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
Inside the office of the Minister of Magic, Albus Dumbledore walked the dark hall, his head bowed, his eyes closed.
A human child cried out in fright.
I am a Yule Ball-sweeper.
The secrets of magic, the past, the future, the future, the past, the future, the future, the past, the future, the future, the past, and the present.
The Hogwarts Headmistress, Gladys, stood before his desk one sunny day in August and looked over the papers that he held in his magic hand.
In the year 994 of the reign of Stephen IV, the start of the year there stood a very fine young man, called Richard of the Isambard dynasty, who, by the sagacity of fortune, was interested in a very particular branch of science.
Every morning, when Henry the Second retired to bed, the old man used to come into the cupboard and look into the lightwork.
In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
Just before he was to die, Pierrot de Seine, minister of religion to the State of Toulouse, was surprised to find himself at a loss for words.
One morning in November, 1630, a church-dramatist named Richard de Bruxelles came into Paris from the southern part of France, and there found himself at a loss for words.
Ever since Arthur Conan Doyle brought the Sherlock Holmes story to the British people, there has been much talk at the British Museum and elsewhere about the story of the dwarfs.
In Ferteglia, in a castle deep in the jungles of the Philippines, was a princess who was never married.
Immerse yourself in the world of the Magi, whose look is the most beautiful, and whose emotions are the most tender.
On a summer's day in the summer of that year, when the sky and the white of the mountains had been so far blotted out that it was only the deep blue as their backdrop, a young man named Christopher Ransom was walking along the road between his parents' residence and the house where his father was waiting to drive him home.
The Pritzker family vacationed at the home of a certain Mary Lena Pritzker in the town of Tenderloin. 
It is to the great credit of Madame Menard that her nephew is now living, and the only fault on which she is minded is that he has not yet regained the capacity of an adult man, but for whom, owing to the inherent value of youth and to his own congenital beauty, the balance of society naturally imposed on him a certain age of vigor and of mature intellectual development.
I have stayed on at Mr. Tom's Hotel since the Titanic disappeared; and if there was ever any doubt as to the character of my host and patron, it proved in every respect that he was as much a gentleman as a gentleman could be.
It is with most aggravation and regret that I find myself obliged to write to add my own observations on the subject of figures in art.
Just like that!
There was once a thin, light-headed girl.
In the city of the Orkz, half a metropolis in the north of Mars, there dwelt on an idyllic green plain a city of fair decorations, a city, the people called it, The Suburbs—fine, lofty buildings, of the old style, but designed for the highest refinement of taste and luxury, in which there was to be found neither luxury nor ostentation, and in which the most expensive productions of art and profligacy were to be found.
"Ankh-muh!" cried the crowds of visitors as they gathered at the gates of the royal town, and at the portal of the market-place.
The sun is shining brightly on the ponds of Land's End, the stars of the night sky flashing bright in relief of the rising heat.
There had been a murder, a suicide, and a drowning in the river.
In his youth, Luke, the younger brother of Galilee, was very much interested in things which interested his brother; and he was but too happy to indulge in any sort of playboy activity.
Jamesus, the starship officer of the Rassilon fleet, had come to the aid of the Sernorian fleet which had just been defeated in the war for the future almost entirely by the United States.
The men were clad in grey overcoats, and their faces were covered with a piece of cloth, which, when laid down on the ground, seemed to have been made from a black and torn piece of cloth, and which, except where it was torn, had hardly any colour in it.
In a decade or two I shall take up all my writing, and endeavor
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. He had the foul look of the psychotic.
Harry looked at his father, who smiled at him in an undertone of triumph.
There was a brilliant light in my mind. 
"Hearken, son," Ida said, "and know ye nought sooth that befell the host of hell, save that He hath set up a Table of the Law, and that ye befull of it; and ye know nothing else, but what purposeth to make a man guilty of a crime, which well knoweth not whither it goeth; but Christ shall judge the world according to the ordinances of the new earth; and the law shall be carried out; which law beth the same evermore, and by common consent, and in the name of Christ, both of man and of God, and of fine and precious stones of gold and silver, and of pearls of precious stone, and of such other things of crystal or silvery stuff as are of the highest grade, in purity, and in truth; and which must needs be accounted for by the Lord, as well as was for any man, or for any woman; which law, I say, beareth witness in it, that ye beheld it, and knoweth not what befell ye; but Christ shall judge the world according to the ordinances of the new earth; and the law shall be carried out, which law beth the same evermore, and by common consent, and in the name of Christ, both of man and of God, and of fine  all  fine, and precious stones of gold and silver,  and pearls of precious stone, and of such other things, as are of the highest grade, in purity, and in truth; and which must needs be accounted for by the Lord,  as well as be for any man, or for any woman; which law, I say, beareth witness in it, that ye beheld it, and knowest not what befell ye; but Christ shall judge the world according to the ordinances of the new earth; and the law shall be carried out, which law beth the same evermore, and by common consent, and in the name of Christ, both of man and of God. 
"Hearken, son," Ida said, "and know ye nought sooth that befell the host of hell, except that wisest and wisest of men, who, with honesty and good-will, and with everybody's consent, were desirous of catching some water, for the purpose of drinking it, and thinking about it, and then doing something about it; and because God hath made me wise, and I know I am endued with good judgment, but fain of all the things which any man, or woman, or child, or male or female animal, or bird, or fish, has need of, I am of no use to any body; but, having been formed by the will and agency of God, I am set apart to do whatsoever God shall have me do. 
I had seen it all before; I had seen the hell of madness and madness, of unceasing suffering, and despair, and sleeplessness, and madness. I had been there; I was there--there was me!

What a tragic character, from one of the pampered parents who were not always the most graceful or tasted, this dread madman, who, having so many children, and so many debts, had the ignominy of being obliged to give them up for ever, and to make a living of them as every shopkeeper, or relative of a trade, or person of account, or person of standing, is accustomed to do;--Budbard, as he is called, the youngest of all the Pemfret family,--his name was, so to speak, the richest in the whole town, of Pemfret, in the parish of St George, where he lived, and of whose parish he was the vicar. 
I was born in a little town called Eligius, in Ohio, and I never knew any other people than my mother, who knew me by name, but only though I was a boy, and was quite certain I was--in fact, I knew more people by names, which I shall mention at the end of the book, than by the names I shall hereafter give, and by the names that may hereafter appear with me.
I lay down suddenly, like a dead person, on the lawn, and for a moment the world seemed to pass.
Dore was beginning to be restless.
January 7th, 1825. I was born again.
The green-leaved trees in the little tributary of the Appomattox, where the Appomattox flows into the DEW CHEMICAL, hold
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.

--- A merry million-year-old world, one in which, for all that time, the Stars of the First Light had never ceased to pierce the night with their barbaric colours, a world of shadows and star-light, of stone and plaster, of iron and silver, of wood and preservatives, of water and oil.  
I realized, one sunny morning, that I was crying.
Taking a deep breath, I stood up.
There were four boys.
I was coming home!
Corta looked up at the sky.
The Cairn was a large, beautiful tree, with a height of twelve feet and a diameter of three feet.
I had been given the worst of everything, but by far the worst of all had been the worst of all time.
The well-known writer, Professor William Blake, had one dark hour of sanity left.
It all began when the First Ponds of the Loch were discovered by a boy named John Evelyn, of the village of Elliott, in the Isle of Banks.
The best way to understand the plausibility of the story was to have the reader imagine that the stars were obeying a set of rules dictated by some higher power, and that they were the possessor of a mind of mind as perfect as a mirror. 
His father was a bad cook and a bad soldier, and he died of a broken heart.
The moon.
The tower of the crypt, above the door, was always of enormous size.
I knew you would go to the embassy, Judd said, because you were born this way.
The limestone staircase was high and narrow, and not only that, it had a tendency to fall down.
I had a dream about you.
The modest, well-behaved woman who walked with a limp, clutching the hem of her skirt to her bosom, was in the midst of the courtyard around her apartment.
The boy sat at the table, his back straight, his eyes fixed intently on the simmering china.
John Evelyn was a good boy; a good boy in every respect, but all too ready to become a bad boy.
He sat in the dim, candleless room of the Fairmont Hotel, in the midst of a sea of people.
The first time I heard of the Panopticon was when I came across the picture in the Times. 
When I was six years old, my father took me to see the great show on television, which was until then a common sight. 
The first thing I remember is a blue morning sun, and snow falling in flakes from the sky. 
The thing that makes the world go round is gravity.
I come from a city where the little girls wore skirts.
She was hot, plain and pink, with brown hair and blue eyes and an anxious, inquisitive soul.
It was a warm, sunny day in May of that year, when I was thirteen years old, that I began to understand what the words "submergence," "vegetation" and "delay," were.
The sun rose that evening on a clear, clear, snowy day. 
The snowstorm was blowing in from the west, blowing into Russia from the west, where it would last a week or so.
Shortly after my eighteenth birthday, I was walking down the street in a suburb of Augusta, in southern Georgia, in a public school where the boys studied in low buildings and the girls in modest rooms, and in an era when it was perfectly normal for the girls to be named after their name, and sometimes their mothers, and sometimes, in some cases, their names.
Two causes of mortality were noted in the first volume of the long-running medical journal, the Lancet.
If, as many people believe, the Heavens, the Pleiades and the Milky Way are the seat of all existence, it is not surprising that the writer of the book on which the Sun is represented as set in gold and silver, and the moon in silver, and the sun, of the same weight with the sun, or that the earth is the centre of the universe, should have when he commenced to sketch out the structure of the universe, in a period of almost four hundred years, regarded it as his object to consider the Heavens, the Pleiades, the Milky Way, the stars, the gas cloud, and the atmosphere in the same light, and to observe that all these things come into existence in their most complicated and highest form as a result of the operation of causes which we shall soon be able to identify. 
The infinitesimally small number of times that particular syllable could be pronounced in a certain age does not seem to convince most readers, if they consult the Dictionary of the English Language.
The man in the street always went the same way.
The house
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
There were a lot of things I didn't know about the world.
This chapter is sponsored by Gilt Fish, Apostleworth bed, Ermaux Mattery, Five Orientals, a pair of mints, and a pint of standard ale.
I sat in the empty room of the building, adjusting my glasses, listening to the woman talk.
The sleepy town of Vinart, just south of the city of Maldon, looks through the green overhanging rock.
A dying star watched over a galactic military, watching as its bombs fell around it.
The silver coin was beautiful, in its way, and crazed; it held the power to crush, or at least to make impossible, anything that appeared to be more than it was.
The SimpsonTower was a world of magic, real and imagined.
He died in my arms, but it was a bad death.
Thanks to the popularity of my writing products and services, the military has acquired a large and extensive knowledge of how to manage and control a person who is capable of extraordinary feats of skill and skillful in his employ.
When one considers the circumstances of Mr. Abe's death, it is obvious that no single single event in his life has been wholly without its influence.
At last he was dead.
The day it was all over, the children of the land rushed to the butcher's yard of the hill in the faraway village of St. Catherine's.
After fifteen minutes of searching, he had come to the door of his mother's house.
He'd been the last of the contestants, but he'd won.
The doggone town of BitzerDunnons had a name:
It looked like he'd been up all night, but whatever.
The young man paused in the doorway of the good doctor's flat.
The morning light was pouring in through the glass windows, which were of the classical order, but splendidly so.
No one's ever done anything like this in the history of the world.
Iceland was calm.
I was born with two personalities, but I've been called the most interesting girl in Germany.
There was once an aged man who was a legend and an angel of flame.
He had a giant head.
The eager, anxious hands of the ballet-girls swayed about the narrow corridor.
She was bound for the double phoenix pit by the river.
She was sitting on the door of the iron jail...
It occurred to me that I should like to hear what the following story was all about.
There was once a great king.
I was born, like so many others, into a small and ostracized family.
She was the daughter of a man who once was a king and had enormous power.
There was a time when she named her son Drax.
"This is a royal petition," said the man behind the desk.
Sometime during her first year in college, at the age of sixteen, Amy Lowell left her home in Maine and traveled by train to Boston.
The little island of St. Mark's, in the English Channel, is a place of great beauty and historic significance.
"Well," said the brown-haired man with the white mustache and round face of a fin de siecle clown, "the stars are twinkling."
When I think of the passage in the Old Testament where the prophet promises to save the city of Jerusalem by a star and a star and a star, I think of the hot, crowded streets and dark alleys and long crossroads of Jerusalem, where the streets were lined with a thousand men and issailors, and where the streets had no names but the names of the houses.
I am leaving the piano.
Hussein left the room; an amount of time must have elapsed since he had entered the room, since he had dismissed the servants, and had placed his hand upon the double door, and had raised it slightly, so as to let the light of the morning through.
The hills were deep and hard and wide and high.
There is always a dead person on the other side of the bed.
Sometimes, when I am very tired and very worn out, I sit down on my bed and tell my stories to myself.
In the beginning was a city, and in the end was a place called Palestine.
It was a beautiful day for me, though I never liked it, for it was the first day of spring, and there was a lovely breeze blowing in from the sea, and it was the middle of the season.
The day I ever left my parents' house, I slipped out of bed, and I think I did it.
I first heard of the List of the Great Priests at the age of eleven, and at that time I knew little of the clergy, and the religious in that part
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"You wait anywhere, Potter."
"It's the last of May."
Abigail had been waiting for Harry much of the last week.
Harry opened the envelope in the gloom of the back seat of his friend's car, taking out a little green and white card and a random pair of pearls that might have belonged to a working-class girl.
The idea had never entered that strange boy's mind that he might one day one day, one day, make it to the top of Death.
"Where is he now?"
"I was born in the year of the thirtieth, and I am no longer, for the present, engaged in business for myself. I am engaged in business for the Lord."
I am the badly behaved son of a bitch and my parents simply could not bear to see me go about my business.
Harry thought of the last few minutes of the air raid, feeling a strong nervous excitement tied up in his brain.
I am back at Hogwarts, having survived the worst possible accident.
With a heavy sigh of relief, Harry bid his parents farewell and got into his trunk, which was usually his quickest route home.
The sun begins to set.
I was dreaming of Hogwarts.
I always knew my father had something to teach me.
It is the appointed season of the year, and of course, I find much to be troubled about.
The darkness that surrounds the world is a far cry from the beauty of the ancient forests and mountain ranges of the West.
"I hope you won't mind me saying that a boy like me has no business in the Hall of Champions," Professor Miskatonic said to the two other teachers who sat on either side of the front of the council chamber, but who were sitting not in a place of authority but in the most respectable of circumstances.
Kinky!
After my mother died, I moved into my uncle's home in a small house in the woods which was surrounded by a few pleasant trees, and, for a living, I could have attained no more than a few dollars a piece.
Professor McGonagall sighed.
I was born a traitor.
The last of the great Firenzeic ["Firenze" in Latin is "Sun"], the seat of power for the city, fell on the night in which the Emperor Caligari fell, and with it the last joys of this world, and all that is good in them, lay in vain.
The stars burn bright for the harvest moon; they shine bright even now.
I was born in a house of fish and rice and wine and gold, in a family of nine, and I had to work for my bread, for my love, and for my soul.
The flood of twelve amphours burst on the eastern seaboard, breaking the last ice of the lake and flooding the streets.
The iridescent white light of the vast crystal ship illuminated the slender blue vessels that floated among the dark blue waters.
When the time came for the first of the great Respirations to begin, the last survivors of the first great wave were scattered from one great abattoir.
I am the first to entertain the idea that Harry Potter is a man of very strange appearance....
Here at the end of a long and winding road is a house with big white trees and a beautiful view of the water.
It was a small pale island in an elegant undulating bay.
It's a lucky thing that it's winter, when the light rain falls across the open ground, and the birds fly high, and the leaves tremble alive under the feet of the white-cloaked traveler.
It came, it came, it came, it came, it came, it came, it came, it came, it came.
Commonly known as the Hospital of the Sea, this old ship had come a long way, and then again it had come quite a long way.
It was a scorching, cold night, as the sun was setting on the North-West coast of Alaska, and the first vaguely vague hints of the arrival of a new year crept through the air.
The smoke-cloaked traveller had stopped to look at the sea before, and for a moment had been content to guess that it was the same sea on which most of the people of Alaska lived.
The tree next to the entrance to the Forest in which one saw the Orkneys in summer was one that had been cut in the thick forest.
I was a boy, and I can tell you that I was not always happy. I grew up in a house as ordinary as a poor orphan's, and I know what it's like to feel guilty about something that you did not do.
The first time I met eccentric, pretty-faced, moral heroine Mrs. Jemima the View-Master, it was in
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
She thought she'd killed the lord of all magic.
That's the kind of person I am. 
It was a solar eclipse, a waxing moon, and an infinitesimal fraction of a degree Fahrenheit, that brought to an end the year of the Goat, with its aerial antels and conical prismatic globe, which, when transformed into a sphere of seventy-five miles in diameter, appeared to be made entirely of wax.
The sing-terling was bursting into blood-red flames, its outline a blackened cloud of smoke and dust, while the vessel of its birth, the most potent of all magic-works, revolved in its abyss.
Kingsley Alcott was standing before a dead fire, on a strewn, black and brown earth, with a small, wyvern-like creature, perched near by, on his shoulder.
The winter sun shone in the moonlight of a damp, windless January day.
"Thank you for daring to ask me to take you on an errand," Kevin groaned.
At the age of forty-one, I had been shipwrecked once.
There are still two hundred and twenty years to go until his birthday.
It had been a long time since I had seen the back of my wife, but in that time she had grown into a beautiful, strong woman.
If you're wondering what the world is like from the inside, here's what I'm going to say: it's fucking terrifying.
When the day of a third world war comes, and Adolf Hitler has his minders ready to give him permission to start it, when the full might of the Third Reich is at his command, that is how I know I am going to die.
"You got a bad case of arthritis," said the young woman in the dark green skirt and pink tights with a red belt, "that's why I'm wearing a teddy bear."
The beach was half-submerged, and the water was warm and clear, but it was the calm of the cool night air that had captured the eye of the gleaming red rover.
They were all alone, but they were all alone in the night.
Five hundred yards away, in the shadow of a high rock, on the other side of the frozen lake, the great vehicle, the Rover, lay awake, waiting for its driver.
The man in the dark suit was in the middle of the desert.
Deep in the heart of the Silk Road lay a city of high-class citizens, a city of gold-armored merchants, a city of great philosophical treasures, a city ornamented by vast silos and vast halls.
The humble but powerful people of the East stand upon the banks of the River 2.
The end of the world is near, but for a vast number of intelligent beings it will be very different from what they know.
The voice of reason was heard over the helicopter, the last time I'd ever seen it.
The dead people were all in the same place, and I may be right, but I've never seen anybody again who wasn't a dead person.
I came there just to see the stars.
"… but there's no really good one to do it for, and if you're looking for one, I don't want to know where you're going."
The night police had broken up a book club in the name of the people, and was having the last laugh when the mistake was made of turning it into a club.
One afternoon, almost every summer, our beloved world had a hurricane.
Harry Potter was fourteen years old and his mother was a cold, hard-working, lonely widow who had no business putting him into such a bizarre situation.
I just put a piece of paper into my purse, and my purse went into my back pocket. I did not see my hand go into my back pocket.
"First agree to see the professor, and then promise to go into a restaurant and have an expensive meal and pay for it, and then, I say, wait till you get to the house and… oh, it's a mess. I thought it was a house."
In the valley where the snowflakes fall and the stumps of pine trees meet, in the green plumby land of the Southern Lake District, in a house with a park which might have been a garden, there lived a family of four.
It was a beautiful summer day, June 26th, and the temperature was above average in the city, but still pleasant enough, for the early summer in the country of the Misses.
I know my stories are long, but there are those fans of this series who will never tire of telling them.
I was twelve when my father died, and I never forget it.
The moon shone brightly in the South Pacific.
It was only a
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. "How did you manage to get in here?"
Mister Remus, of course, stood over the bed, his face a mask of shadow, but the teeth showed clearly.
"There were, Harry," Old Ayden said. "Twenty-five children."
Mister Remus stood up. "Now, Harry," he said. "How much longer will you be playing? You look tired, but that's what you get for being the sole heir."
Mister Remus chuckled. "Oh, put me down, I'm all right. It's just chocolate milk."
Mister Remus pondered. "Of course there's a magic mirror in the bathroom. It's a mirror for your stupid dæmons."
He stared at the floor. "We should have been out by now."
"We're talking about a game of chance," Peter said.
The golden cupboard was empty, but not to the point of being in disrepair.
The tall witch stood before her desk.
First come the stars, then the wind.
The air was full of the sounds of the sea, and of the songless bay.
The rescue ship was in port in Calabash. 
There were five of them.
I know the stories once told of the dead.
And so it was with him that he dreamed of her.
It was all very well to tell the stories of the dead. 
The night the long-buried princess vanished was the night when she shared her bed with Trelawnick.
"It's just a town watch thing," my mother said.
The last person ever to see the princess alive was expecting the first class summons of arrest.
The town still had everything.
I can still hear the tinkling of the scissors and the tapping of the inkwell.
The sun rose slowly in the high desert, and the beautiful white sandstone peaks of the San Jacinto Range looked out over the desolate wilds of Arizona.
The left wing, the one that was left, of my husband's little fling, was the most beautiful part of the house, and the most important, too.
The doors of the new house were all locked, and the great hall was empty of any one but the rightful occupant.
"Call it a murder if you'd like, but there's something just a little bit off about it."
Salamander a-a-a-alright.
Minutes before my mother died, the medical examiner in my town of Northampton, Massachusetts, announced that the body of Judith Archer was found in a rural creek bed.
It was a cold, wet, and stormy night.
"You are going to like this book."
"Sit down," said my mum, folding the paperback book on the table.
I painted this picture: a blue-and-white dog with a black man named Patrick on his back, moping into the green grass.
I Am Sherlock Holmes.
How can the numbers be so hard to come by, as they are all over the place, whenever you're looking for a certain one?
At the age of fourteen, I wrote a letter to my mother.
I am walking slowly in the forest.
It was dark while I was away, but I remember I was walking slowly.
He had been a girl, a child, "with all the beauty of a woman, and all the pleasure of a woman."
The young men of the time of King Arthur stared at him, to see if he were really what they had supposed him to be.
At one time, there lived in a small rural village a gentleman called Sir R. H. Harris and a lady named Mary Harris.
Quelle figure, qui s'est réserut le feu?
I sit down now, and think, If I begin to get cold, I shall never get warm.
It was the hottest day of the year and the sun was shining in the valleys of what we now call California.
I was living in my mother's house in the beautiful little town of Beecher's Mill, on the river Ostrich, with my dear sister, Lady Esther Hyde, and my uncle, Sir William Hyde, and six of my friends - my aunt, Lady Katharine, Lady Mary, Lady Mary, Lady Mary, and Lady Mary.
There was a time when the world was a cruel, two-faced place.
In the last days of the Charing Cross and Maidenhead Railway Company, a young lady named Sarah Scott, known to the friends in the debt-collecting department of the company as "the lady," was violently whipped at the behest of the company on account of her being under 25 years of age.
On the morning of November 22nd, 1885, on the banks of a stream which, though not very
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
A large, white dog, with a slight black tip, ran over the stream and stopped at the foot of a large tree.
The wintry night, while the snow-covered road crisscrossed the plain, was only the first of many nights of sleep, and tortures of long-distance travel.
The night air was hot and clear, and the wind was blowing among the trees.
The ground was damp, and barely able to contain the rumble of the winds that blew in from the sea—a mighty throng of gales, and the sound of the sea's sound before it, as if a vast orchestra were playing before the ears of men.
Harry Potter and the rest of the gang were in Potter's house, with their decks and all, when the news of the Goblin centurion's capture came through.
Before the eyes of the world, I sit before you now, and I will tell you the truth.
A small horse stood on a dark and dangerous plain; for it was a dark and dangerous plain indeed, and it had not the faintest prospect of sunshine.
The first time she'd met Harry, it had been literally the worst day of her life.
The Boy-Who-Lived had lived two years; it was not a bad time of his life, if it was possible to say no evil of it.
I was born in a small town in the middle of nowhere, in a small hamlet where nothing but wildflowers and small trees attended.
What if I said that I'd never taken anything more dangerous than a dare?
A young man walked across the empty fields of the Sarmby, broad and well-spaced, and his mind was a stream of clear ideas filled with a certain element of awe and wonder.
He had made his choice.
Harry Potter lay down on the bed, fingers crossed in his hands, and thought about the day he would die.
The sun rose slowly, but the next morning the air thick with a strange, slightly pungent smell.
The early sun glints on the black, salt-and-pepper-mottled walls of the prison.
The deep, dark of the house.
"Am I dreaming?"
It is said that Bill had thought himself dead more times than he cared to remember.
"I take it you're not a virgin," I gushed to my friend, as we sat on the beach, smoking and talking about the future, "or do you want me to marry you?"
Three months after she was married, Mrs. Catherine Juliette Baudelaire died at her home in the southern town of Newton's: the cause of death was a complication of pregnancy.
The time I spent with my cousin Mary was wonderful.
"I am going to stop calling you 'Madam.'," said my aunt, though I did not know at the time what she called her, or what she regarded as her.
"Do you come in the morning?"
The day is cold, and the air ifno breath of wind, when the ear-piercing screams can be heard far away.
There was once a girl, who had all the good in the world; and who, though she was only fifteen, was willing to die to secure her happiness.
"I see your face now," said Isobel Pierce, sitting on the terrace of the resturant, on which the Lord was born.
It was a bright, cold day on the South Sea, and it was spring, when, in the offing of the warm summer months, it was pleasant to see the singing of the singingbird, which was the only sound in this dreary district.
I do not know what I should do if no one should tell me where I should be able to live, if anyone should tell me anything about the world, if, instead of going to boarding-school, I should go straight to university; but, although I have been teaching for forty-seven years, I have never before experienced anything so delightful or so strange in my whole career as this.
The Romans were very fond of the sea; and especially of the great navigable rivers, as by them they called the East Sea or the Red Sea or the Sea of Berenice, which, being six hundred and sixty-three miles long and four hundred and fifty-four wide, could be navigated by a single man with no knowledge of navigation of any sort, but, when it came to the water-course, because of the depth of the channel, the depth of the water, or the water itself, or the distribution of its depths, or because of the size of the country, or of the people inhabiting it, or because of their race, or because of, or because of their fortune; that they allowed only four hundred and fifty-seven ships
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
If you had heard all of this, you would not believe it.
There was a child sitting on his mother's lap.
The missing child was my brother.
The great green light-beings longed to be among the Greeks.
The rumbling of the ancient city grew quieter.
I will always remember the day that my brother died.
There was once a man who once was but a mere child.
I was born in a small village in the midst of the woods, in a small house that had only one window.
My brother was one long day before my father found him. 
The world felt oddly empty until the almighty voice called to him.
Before he was a wizard, Harry Potter had a poor childhood. 
It was summer on the nineteenth day of the first month of his eleventh year--after all, it was when Harry was born--and there was all evening to talk about.
My dear cousin, she was the one who said you'd be able to control the weather.
The wine flowed freely, the salmon were swimming happily, and the splendid gardens of Surrey and all the surrounding countryside were lighting up with a happy glow.
On the evening of the twentieth day of my seventeenth birthday my cousin, aunt, and I went to the opera.
I stood alone in the cinema, looking up at the tall, thin figure of the cast-iron-walls-and-staircases Gothic Madonna in the center of the screen, pronouncing my name, by first name, and by title and then, without any further distinction, by the familiar word—Mona Lisa.
"You're going to be a boy," my aunt said.
"What?" I said.
"Why should I?" my uncle said.
Before any of these things ever happened, I was born in a house on an old farm for a girl named Mary in the one county where the air was always clear and the sunshine was most abundant, in Pennsylvania, and for whom I shall be warmly remembered.
I'm writing this letter not because I want to tell you about my childhood, nor because I have any particular interest in your own history, nor if I ever have, but to give you the impression that I relate what I know of it; because it is only possible to know what one really knows by having lived it, and to forget all one has seen, or heard or liked or read; because the memory of any particular thing, however wonderful it may seem to the average person, is like a deep sea, and exactly like any other deep sea, and because it is only possible to know what one has seen or heard or liked, or to like, or to like, to find out in the course of a very long and uncertain life, that one is but an average person living a long and uncertain life; I never heard of anyone else living a long and uncertain life than I did, but I believe that every man, since the coming of Christ, who has ever been interested in the business of man, has had to deal with it in this same way; and that this same method of knowing, in the course of a long and uncertain life, has been employed by every one, partly as a guide to his own actions, and partly as a guide to that of his friends and associates; and that I may be able to illustrate, without unnecessary length, the principles which I pretend to explain, and may, perhaps, by the means I have at present employed, render them altogether intelligible to those who have no particular need of them.
I was born in a big house in a small town, with a big horse, and sometimes a horse and a donkey; and I remember of all the things about my life, the least fondly, and the least at all, as my parents had been the most fondly and the most at all the time I was alive.
I remember of all the things about my life, the least fondly, and the least at all, as my parents had been the most fondly and the most at all the time I was alive.
The afternoon sunlight shone upon the field, in the light of summer, in the midst of a spring thistles.
There was once a year, when the grapevines were ripe and they were ready to sing, when a man named Gilbert the magician, went to the Fountain of the Red Gallows in west and north-east France, and there fell from the sky ten thousand pretty little green hens, and that he had done it so miraculously that they all thought he had done it many times over.
There was once a man, who, having been a mongrel, almost ignomnous even by the standards of his times, tried, with perhaps excessive success, to enter into the business of magic. 
Grimm forced a short walk through the dim
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
Doom came first.
The evening of my twenty-fifth birthday, I slipped outside into the bright September weather, hoping for the night to end in sunshine.
On my twenty-fifth birthday, I fell in love with my life, and wandered aimlessly—for a while—in search of a boy.
"I'm sorry," said Tonks.
He was all alone, but someone was there at the door.
The evening sun was setting on the plains in the far-away village of Yommaje-je-da, higher than any mountain peak in the world, and the view of the plains above was so often the same as that of the sea.
When I first fell in love with Ron, back in ninth grade, I always imagined my brother and sister to be twins, and I was sold—or at least I hoped, I was not always absolutely sure—that they were.
The silver-colored boat filled with the scent of salt.
When she was eight years old, Roxy Brunette's mother took her to dinner and asked her whether she would like a dog.
Amid the crashing of the ripples of the sea, the goddess Kali stood, her face blackened with the blood of many a dead human.
I would like to go home.
When I was twelve I actually went watch my sister die.
They said I would never get married or have children.
I am here tonight because my grandmother, a woman with a son only six, called me to see if there was any way I could make it to the funeral.
I was born in the year of the cataclysm known as the Second Fire, in the year of the great earthquake and the fire of the Sun, when the heavens and the earth were consumed by fire, and the sea was broken into millions of pieces; and when the sky was black with the burning sun's heat, and the sea was a sea of flame, and the first stars that were in the heavens were blazing, and from the first of the sun's days until he died died in terrible agony, and he was surrounded by a dense darkness of dead things, and his spirit drifted through the dark, and a voice said,
"Read the book, my good young patient, and do not falter."
At every turn her face grew larger, her shoulders more than a foot above the floor.
My brother and I were in a crowded room in the special ward of Arkham Asylum, in the city of New York.
There was a man, a tall, thin, thin, gray-haired man, in a suit of armor and an open-collared shirt.
In the summer after my husband of twenty-two years had left me for his mistress, I went for a walk in the woods.
It was a good summer, the country was making a little more sense to me, and I was thinking about how I would like to die.
On a drizzly day in September, in the year of the fire that burned past the very gates of the desert, a rocketed object, weighing seventy-six pounds and measuring eleven feet across, soared over the clouds, the top of the mountains, which rose to a light speed of four miles an hour.
The sun rises.
The greatest arts in the world have been invented by people who were born to eat and to drink and to be followed and to be loved and to be feared, to do what was impossible and to achieve what was impossible and to do what was impossible and to achieve what was impossible and so on and so on.
The snow was falling.
It was a cold winter's night, and the little house stood so still that the light of a winter star could hardly be seen, but the plump figures of the dogs were clearly visible to the untrained eye, and there was the smell of salt on the wind and the sound of the howls of the wild, and the smell of the wood-pitching and the clinking of the horses, and the sound of the rively-voiced crow, and then the cold wind blow, and there was no more than a clear sky.
It is a prospect of the greatest consequence which any man has ever known.
It was a cold winter's night, and the little house stood so still that the light of a winter star could hardly be seen, but the plump figures of the dogs were clearly discernible to the untrained eye, and the sound of the howls of the wild could be heard clearly to the horse, and the sound of the still-longing wind also clearly to the hoof.
I have forgotten where I was born.
He who has the power to choose, chooses well.
Here I am, and this world is not the same.
The morning was cold.
The sun shone all day, and the sky was heavy with snow and ice
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"Still wouldn't think on your résumé," the tall man said, looking surprisingly unimpressed.
"What t'inta be, then?"
Three or four miles outside the Woods of Feversval's ancient and evergreen town of Salvetion, the color of the Charing street, the sea was mingling with the deep black of the black sand of the mighty Sea-End in the far corners of the ocean.
Every boy likes to be a wizard, but your grandpa probably wouldn't…
It was the height of summer in the year the first Trelawny Manes moved into the difficult, crowded little red brick house on Row.
But there was more.
There was a man in a white coat standing on the corner of a British street, looking at people approaching and saying: 'Lord have mercy. I am dead myself anyway.'
The late summer of 1991/92, was a time of great hope for my family, but at the same time of fear.
On the last day of the summer I was eight, my father had arranged for me to perform a ritual that would accomplish much, if only I would realise it. 
There was once a boy named John.
Died: composed of his beliefs, his imagination, and his body himself, with his death being the most difficult and painful.
I was born in Augusta, Maine, April 22. 
The night we discovered the world, the universe was not only round, but it was also blue, white, and silver.
I guess everybody from a small town has that story. 
I am a boy who likes to be seen.
The extraordinary and wonderful thing about living in a world of the imagination is that you can close your mind to it.
The first words that crossed my mind as I gazed at the beautiful fire in the midst of the woods of the Greenbrier Mountains was, "Wonderful." 
When I was eight years old, my brother Tully was killed by a "madman." 
The sun is setting on the hills that run along the western coast of New Hampshire, the cool, clear skies leaving nothing but the cold, grey, and water-logged landscape. 
Theirs is a land of plenty. 
The roll of the sea is as white as though it were made of gold and silver and silver-blue as a bedsheet. 
I sit down and begin to write.
I was born at the moment when the land was again a mature and fruitful, fertile, and full-grown thing and the white man had not yet been driven from his own settled habitations.
Sherlock Holmes is the man of mysteries: the most powerful man in complete in all his departments; the most accomplished and ingenious man in the world; the tyrant of the world; the most fortunate and fortunate man that ever lived; the most learned man that ever lived; the most discreet man that ever lived; the most learned man that ever lived; and the most consummate and effective private detective that ever lived.
Here is a little story about two boys, and the world they grew up in, and the stories they made; and this little story is a little story about two young men, who lived in the year of the first invasion, and the year of the first emancipation, and the year of the first birth of liberty; and what they made of it, and what they made of their own country, and what they made of their own country, and what they made of the world, and where they settled; and what they made of the new world they had made, and what they built for themselves and their families, and what the world was like then, and what it was like; and what it is, and what George Washington had to do with it; and so on, and so on.
'T is already well known in the world, that the human mind is as yet unacquainted with the art of magic; that there is no safe remedy for mental imbecility; that the birth of William the Conqueror was not very unusual in the year of God making, when the Christian monarchy was overthrown; and that this most unusual occurrence was brought about by the power of an angel being transported from heaven to earth.
"The visit was arranged, of course, for August, but that is not of much consequence; for Holmes is quite capable of any day, and of any occasion, at home."
In the middle of the year 1792,—a year in which all good men have lost all faith in their own abilities—in the year which witnessed the disappearance of that most admirable champion of education,—the venerable benefactor Sir Burdet of the King's Fund of Paris, who had been engaged for some years in the same business,—the writer is about to write the summary history of his life, from the first emigration of his family
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
http://www.jelliottle-waterwasher.co.uk/
The underground world of the Whitsunday or Whiskerhead was not the kind of place you wanted to go the first time round.
The loss of life is the most terrible thing in the world.
The stars were shining.
After the sack of Troy, Hercules, the enemy-king, was captured and abandoned his army.
The beautiful ocean of the night is a single garment of light, composed of the elements.
Sweet Caroline, how sweet!
The high country of Florida, which seemed to be standing still for some time, seemed to be moving at an astonishing rate of speed.
I still sometimes dream of a boat, the white as a spring, furnished with a stout oarsman, swift as a hare, with a small crew, well-fitted for sea voyaging, and with a host of handsome inhabitants.
In the old days my father and I used to buy a bunch of stuff and sail to the sea-coast, for it was there where we had the greatest adventures of our lives.
Cameron was all right, as usual.
She's been acting like a mother, ever since I left her, put a few things in her mouth, and she's gone very much as a mother.
The sky was full of stars, but not of the small ones that we sometimes call the "g" stars, which, like many "g" stars, are dim.
The earth was flat, but that didn't matter.
It was dusk when the trains started running quickly.
The sea of stars, where the sun never steps, the moon never sets.
Weather.
I remember the first time I saw my father alive.
I stood there and watched him wrestle with the thought of murder.
The rose had grown to the height of a tulip.
The court papers in the office of the Grand Duchess of Ariadne, dated May 6, 1795, showed that her sister, the Grand Duchess of Domitian, had put the cookery of the ancient princess on ice, in order to prevent any further vanity.
If the forest isn't too far away, don't worry.
The old woman stood at her kitchen mirror, as if looking around the room for the first time.
"It's a boy," said Charlie.
The sun rose swiftly, and the great river swollen with water.
The town of Nintendo was on the western shore of the mighty Michigan, a long and low, winding river, flowing with its tributaries to the headwaters of the Mississippi, and flowing with its tributaries to the other rivers of the Mississippi, and flowing to the seacoast, and running southward along the banks of the lakes of the Mississippi, and southward down the coast of the middle of the realm.
The little, very ugly creature that was the child that I was at one time or another the child of a man, is now no more than a boy, and it is but my imagination that I am at all of these years ignorant of the presence of such a creature.
We all have our faults, and a few of them aren't particularly embarrassing.
The weather turned to soot and rain and blistering heat that the women of the Lake County district had the dubious distinction of having their only hotel room in the town of Oma.
"Eh, what a pity to see them all in such a miserable state," railed the old woman as she pressed the door of the flat simply to be admitted.
There's no greater tragedy than to leave a wife and a child without any means of support.
Edgar Allan Poe was born on February 6, 1825, in the parish of the same name in the county of Fulton, where his father was absent pro praetor.
It happened on a Friday when the neighborhood of the market-place was still cool and fresh and the air of the great city was still full of life; it killed more of the young men than any other Sunday, and yet it did not seem to the eye of the majority of them to have any substantial bearing on the general state of affairs and deliberations of the community.
She died when her ears were bleeding.
She was plucking a date.
It's a hot summer day in July, and a poor, working-class girl of thirteen years old is sitting in her bedroom, trying to decide whether it's worth while to go to a country inn or an ailing old lady's house and die in the cold and damp.
My parents were like a small town.
The sky was covered with the yellowing wings of the vultures.
There was once a woman who had a great fortune.
For some time they tell me that the first man to discover the secret of life, and the source of all creation,
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. "This is the last one."
It was dark and stormy in the small, attic-sized cottage that stood in the middle of the High River in the state of Maine.
The snow quietened to a formless, uncrushing blizzard.
Barefoot lay on his side, sunburned and blue-eyed.
The words were said only in whispers, and although they hinted that she had a plan.
The sun is setting, and the sunsets of the Prairies are shutting out the stars…
Deep inside the house, the sound of the wind was almost too loud, while the roar of the river passing behind was muffled.
It was mid-afternoon when the wind blew the last of the snow from the plain away and the ice-clad western shores of Lake Superior into the bay of St. Mark's.
"Neon!"
Once upon a time, there was a princess named Marilyn, and she loved the way things were done.
The seas, and the deep, and the cold, and the sadness of the grave, all seemed to her to belong to another time.
He had lived in an era when politics and the sea were not as we know them—when the sun was not as it is now and the sea was not quite so cold—and when everything in the world seemed smaller than it ought to be.
Silas Alcott, the Chief Engineer of the Navy, had not intended, in the beginning, to make a mistake.
We are just beginning our journey into the advanced age of mankind, and I don't mean to enquire into the means by which it might be possible for us to attain it.
The land was alive and the air was full of life.
The thing in the air is the sound of one voice, or of many voices, or of several voices.
People say that one day you will experience everything, that in the end you will look back and say, 'That was…that was…somehow I got there, I think.'
My sister looked as though she had been through hell—like little others do.
No one told me that I could die.
There was once a girl, just like you and me, who was born blind and who could not walk or talk or even speak.
There was once a boy named Dalzell who once saw a mushroom.
The moon had dropped from the sky and was practically transparent.
My name is Lucy, and I am fifteen years old.
My name is Harry if you please"
There was once a boy named Harry.
My name is Dorothy.
My name is Izacht.
I am seventeen years old.
I am a short, stocky, weak, meek, lonesome old man who lives in a house on a lonely one foot street in a village of accident and misfortune.
I remember when my father took me to see my aunt and uncle, the Doris Doziers of their day, or at least that is how I remember it.
The duffel bag was loaded with papers, and when the driver got out of the driver's chair, the bag was in the other man's hand.
I can remember my first regret.
There is a great fire in the village of Somerville.
The boy, who was called Pip, was always a little too young to know what he really wanted, that was, except perhaps to know what he was really afraid of.
There was once a boy named Dylan, who never knew what to do with himself.
The sun rose slowly on a day when Lorcan Crelay woke early to worry about the likelihood of rain.
Barefoot lay by the side of his aunt's house in the woods of Gower, where he had spent the good part of his childhood, weeping heartily over his aunt's death.
One evening, when all the church bells were ringing, Elinor Ward woke in bed, as if she had been sleeping for hours.
It was a terrible time in New York City.
There was once a girl named Mosaice, who lived in a little cabin in the woods of Upstate New York, in which she had never been permitted to have any thoughts of herself.
The cat, if you will permit me the expression, was possessed of two faces and two ears.
The great gates of the Gothic cathedral were wide and iron, and the air of the church was thick with the odour of the blood that had been shed in the last few days.
It is a great pleasure to me to join in a business which has excited much emotion and interest in the country, for the purpose of furnishing all our readers with a rich supply of material for their information.
The fable of the Two Tops was most widely circulated in the country, and the history of foreign pursuits, in the northern
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"Grim, gauntle, perhapps the old way round, or in the old way-emphatic, grisly. No one would believe us had we not lived to tell the tale, had we not stopped to let the cold facts of our case hang on the word of what was happening to our family, though not wholly unconnected with its cause."
Sherlock Holmes was alive again.
Eyes of a child, and ears of an old man, and a mind of a man, and a mind that loved truth and the laws of the land, and who, if questioned, would not have the least suspicion of his age — if he were any other age — would have told me that I had been hit by lightning.
On the morning when he awoke, Harry Potter stood in the garden, carrying his trunk of books.
WHEN you think of ship's maintenance, you think of the wainscoting and the canisters, and the portholes, and the forges.
While it has been a wonder to me how the world ended, and never began, as so many worlds have done, it has been a wonder to me how the whole startling thing happened on a single, single, very large, very mysterious ship, which was witness to it all!
On that day—December 4, 1867—an ordinary Sunday afternoon, the police and detectives of the land of Nassau, New York, were on duty at Mount Vernon, at the ship's house.
As I sit in the small study of my study at the school, I look out upon the beautiful view of the town below me, from which my room looks out on my fields, and on which I may see my children playing, or, rather, hearing them, whether they be playing or not.
Harrison, my friend, is a boy very much like me.
This is a story of a man and his journey, told from memory, and it has been written with great care.
Many a young man has thought himself above his age.
One day a girl named Emma left her home town to go to boarding school, and all the while she had a secret which a certain distinguished man was in search of.
"I have been called many things," I growled to my father, and for a very good reason, indeed.
A vast orb of ice and fire drifted over much of the Pacific and the South American oceans, and it was just as much the object of curiosity as of fear and dread to the people who were there.
A day in April, 1869, that is, a day of calm weather and rain, when a group of Chinese sailors, hidden in the shadow of a large rock, peacefully and quietly shopped their wares along the way to the Orient, was not an unusual one.
Yesterday, December 28, I was awakened by the sound of the sirens.
I was born into a family of writers whose names I do not care to remember except to add that I am now seventy years old and that I have been living in a village in the forest of a famous county of the Province of Quebec for some years past, and that I was once a very good and useful writer; which indeed I am, in spite of all my readers will be very sorry to learn.
Ordinary life is unpleasant.
Even if it were possible to exaggerate the extent of the power of imagination, it would be of no small service to the understanding of the reader.
To me, the one constant feature of my life is the thought that I have had no opportunity of escaping.
It was the middle of October, and it was a warm, sunny day in the little charming village of Farwick in the county of Surrey.
It was the beginning of October, and it was a warm, sunny day.
It is not a great comfort to know that you have escaped death.
I have always been curious about things like ghosts.
My mother was a mother's lady and her daughter was the nicest girl in the world.
"Is he all right?"
When his father fell seriously ill, Louis, in the first months of the nineteenth century, had it in him to believe that he owed his life to the kindness of an old teacher.
"What is it?"
It was a hot sunny day in June, and I was riding along the road near Myburnt.
It was a beautiful day in October, and the street in which I lived was full of wonderful things, enchanting in their simplicity and admirable in their beauties.
My dear sister, you are very kind and really considerate; but you know so well that you never think to give your opinion on anything at all.
I learned my lesson when I was eight years old.
It was just after the sun began to set, and the moon lay past its full quarter-de
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
It was a raven-bird.
The black-haired, long-sleeved man looked across the lake from the ship at the end of the wooden deck, which allowed him to see the grass and all the trees.
It was a green-eyed boy named Ravenclaw, standing up and smiling.
Strange it was that the man with the beard on his head returned the same smile in return.
The flash of inspiration that came over him when he heard the patter of the children playing flute came as a surprise to Molly.
The first words she heard as she woke up were: "Harry is dead."
It was a solitary winter night near the bank of the river Severn, when the silent throng of tourists and travelers who had gathered in the summer sunshine for the annual fair of the Merchants' Club of Burslem was stilled and the area around the main gate was clear.
After a long-desired death, the godmother of all words, the elder courtship of the wizarding world was ended by the death of her son.
Harry, Don Blutton, George, and myself were sitting in a hay cart in the back of the cart with our faces to the ground when suddenly a strange creature appeared before us.
It was no ordinary day at the Ministry of Magic.
We were driving down a meadow in north-western Pennsylvania in the summer of '92, and at one point or another we had run over twenty-four thousand words in our while.
I was driving south along the Pennsylvania farm road about to die in a car accident.
Oh, no, he isn't going to do that again.
Yesterday was very pleasant indeed.
The worst.
I am going to change the world.
I am in the hospital.
In a small, quiet room at Oxford's south-eastern end, the philosopher thought as the university's noblemen looked on, there sits a man whose mind is as wide as the whole world.
My name is Henry James.
This is a story of true love, of two men who, though not of the same sex, had the greatest and greatest love of all; so love that no mortal man ever loved in the same sense again; so love as that to which all men, even God, were equal, even the father of all, had there occurred to them the possibility of proceeding to such considerable lengths as might be requisite to bring about this love in their hearts, and in the end, to which, for the sake of which they had all been married, they had devoted themselves to the utmost length of fulfilment; in short, love as love was the supreme object of the tender desires of the two men.
It was the seventeenth of the year 1725.
In the year 1768, when the French government had its back to the American frontier, there appeared in the press the first letter of a single man.
We were sitting at the table we had made for our hostess and her daughter, on the eleventh day of the twentieth month of that year, in the village of La Rose, at the foot of a snowy mountain, which stood before which the river St. Lawrence, itself a frozen lake, loomed ahead.
It was a heavy west-to-east wind that blew over the high, flat plains of the western United States, blowing past the westernmost state of Kansas and Kansas into the western parts of Missouri.
The first thing she said to me was, "Well, you can't write for a living," and she always said that.
Dear boy, I'd like you to know that my mother took dim pains to warn you not to go near her, that if you were ever in trouble, you should consult her.
The shop was full of expensive things, but all that mattered to her in life was food.
The novel begins with a flash of brilliant light: a flash of light that was never seen before.
I found her there.
"Have you been up all night?"
The ship left once for every five months; which is eighteen months, and nineteen of them have been spent in the sea.
Luis had not expected to get anything from this world, but he had not been particularly surprised, either.
I am not sure whether it was from the first book, or the first volume, or the very first volume of the Bible, or either of them more, that the country began, when the movement of the earth began, to begin to have a new standard of beauty and subtile and beautiful.
My name is JV, but it is not at all necessary to mention it.
A middle-aged man came to the local police station on the day the murder took place.
One night in October...
The visit of the Prince of Walsingham to the private house of Mr. Mackenzie of Langwood, on the
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"You saved the world," the old man said. "But maybe you shouldn't have. I'm not the one to blame for you. It wasn't that you were stupid."
"Look, Syb. I love you."
Harry Potter is best, for now, when the only thing that matters is that he feels loved, and is acknowledged as such, some of the time, and not always.
Harry Potter was eight years old when he heard the story and the story just wasn't the same anymore.
Anastasius, second-in-command of the International Military Academy, and later the head of the Army's order of battle, had the extraordinary misfortune to be present when two huge things happened.
I decided that I wanted to be a wizard.
In earlier times, there were many wicked wizards, and many wicked wizards did not like what they saw.
When I wrote my sad story about the unknown hero who had killed my brother, I had to begin at the end of my own story, since the story did not begin quite that way.
She was four years old when she heard the news that her father had been murdered.
The six-year-old looked up at the clock and saw the car with the number plate DRU WESTON. 
There was once a boy who was born with superhuman strength -- a man so heavy that he could lift practically anything on the planet, including the remains of large, extinct dinosaurs, and yet so light that even the weight of a small dog was sufficient to lift him.
"Nothing good ever happens without a cause," the old woman said, her voice dripping with sarcasms.
"Approaching the edge of a vast and dangerous world," the little man told his father.
The whole of the world felt like a dream.
There is a school of magic, the only school that truly exists, and a boy named Harry Potter is in it, learning to cast spells and to write spells.
The man was seated in his office in the northern-most part of the great city of London, and looking at the calendar that was displayed on the desk.
The name of the place ought to have been always obvious to the first person who saw it.
The six-year-old was sitting on his bed, playing a memory game with his sister, and his brother, and his sister's brother.
Her mother worked in the busy, freshly-planted streets of a quiet little village, a quiet little town in England.
A monkey.
It is a marvelous sight and a very different matter in certain respects from the ordinary life of a man.
There was once a child who had traveled far and wide, claiming to be a man of legend.
Each morning the young girl rose to school and her parents dragged their loaded and battered car into the driveway.
I am told that when the earth and sky were made round, there came a person, perhaps a man, who was able to create universes.
The world is a garden and that is the way of all who live in it.
In the summer of our fifth year, I was taking care of the house and garden of my brother, but he was very sick and I had no reason to expect him to live any longer.
In those days no man had any serious business to do with a preacher's sister, but, for some odd reason, at the age of eighteen she seemed to have gained much more importance than in any other part of her family.
My friend Tom, who is also my brother, and his wife, James, have made a very clever discovery.
"How much longer till the China sales are over?"
The random river that ran through the center of Zurdram, South-West, of the great town of Zurdram, was called 'Hussar'.
I have been thinking quite a lot lately about the plot of the book I have been reading.
On a summer's day in 1909 the young Abbé Ben-Hur had an epiphany.
I did not choose for this day; it was eight in the afternoon and I had just finished reading a book when there came upon me a vision that had been in my mind ever since childhood.
The sky was black and white.
There is a great black cat in the sky, and he is laughing.
When many years ago I first heard of the monorail, I heard that it was a marvel of engineering, for it transported people at a speed exceeding human speed.
The wilderness was dark, the trees tall, the animals small, and faces small.
I was born in a town which is not too far away from London, in a village called Sherwood.
Since we had a carriage of horses that we could use in short journeys, I was accustomed to our expenses, and I delighted in taking care of them.
The city, which
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
In the days of the war, when the ultimate triumph of the Empire was imminent, the Allies of the Empire held conference in Rome to decide how best to achieve this goal--and had they chosen the easy path, the Allies would and did have achieved naught.
He was not the prince who had appeared on the world stage, but was by far the most powerful man in the world, and he was not of this world.
I suppose an essay should begin with a statement.
The evening air was crisp and the leaves chirping.
No one knew how the six children got into the house.
"Let us not think we are bored," auntie Elvira said, "or we shall leave you here and spoil your garden."
The news had reached the first participants of the Trilby League in London--the heads of the British Matrons' League, the Ladies' Matrons' League, the Ladies' Matrons' League, the Ladies' Matrons' League, and the Ladies' Matrons' League--on the morning of the 10th of July, in the year that fell on the birth of the Queen Victoria, that the strange thing had occurred.
Now, how does one find out about the third great disaster of twentieth-century and bring about its solution?
A golden chandelier hung in the middle of the room, its three bronze windows showing an aerial view of the ancient and most beautiful city of Rome.
There was a dead cat raised, and all the dead cats were the same age.
"I heard the rattling of the boots and the whimpers of the birds in the distance."
After they had settled into their beds, they all began the usual ritual of feasting.
There was a man who was either very old or very stupid; or he was both, or neither.
I remember the first time I heard of a very large group of people working together for the common good.
You know what's wrong with this world?
It was a very dry and windy Friday afternoon and there was not a soul in sight.
The air was extremely uncomfortable, even in the midst of a hurricane, and it did not help that the head of the house was so heavily overhung with books that it was difficult to see out of the window.
The horses were all dead.
There were many houses in the village of Bayonne; it was a rather large village, but everything was in one house.
Monday morning, Nick's mother and herself were driving home from a shopping trip when they came to a halt at the stop light.
"There's a girl in front of the school, and if I follow her, I should catch her," said the driver, but seemed not to be very careful.
This is how it all started.
It was a rainy, bitterly cold day in August, 1980.
It was midnight when I heard the shooting.
The beast was terrifying.
My name is James Wilansky. I am forty-eight.
I was a young man before I fell the knife-edge into madness.
It was a cold, snowy night in September, and the sky was grey and the wind stilled.
Life wasn't what it used to be.
I was born in the year 1842.
Harry Potter, J.K. Rowling's fourth and most recent novel, begins with a few words of dialogue.
"Is this a black hole?" asked Gavram; "and do the shadows of the stars hide the space of the black hole?"
There is a planet, with a star named Galadriel, in the sky, and on its surface the sea-gems fill with water which gradually runs down through the banks of the bank, until it reaches a great deep, which is not very deep, and in the end divides into countless small seas.
Casterlyth, in the company of Lord Maldonado, repaired the sewers in the Palace of Kings, where the palace walls were covered with the ancient work of goldwork, and where the towers and the towers and every conceivable thing of value were therein, and expended the greatest part of their value in the ordinary affair of carrying on business of a household, and in the ordinary accumulation of riches, and in the ordinary acquisition of land and interests in the land.
"O-what is it, lad?"
The crew of the ship, the largest ship in the fleet, the House of Lestat, rowed along in the dark of the night, without lights, without instruments, or any thing which could be of use to them.
On one of the days before the war the small man of Lestat stood before the fire, and looked down upon the blue-green valley of the Grandslake, beyond the great belt of fir, which surrounded the lake, and whose form was like that of the water falling
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"Come on, Professor," muttered Snape.
It was the year that he and Lily were married and that they had their first child, a boy named Harry.
When he was little he had always had a great imagination, an unquenchable thirst for knowledge, and a natural curiosity.
The death of the Emperor Septimius Severus was followed by nearly as much silence as it had ever been.
It was one of the great miracles of the last century, no doubt the greatest of which was that she who was the countess of the lady of the starry house, Dame Margaret of Preston, was in fact a dæmon.
One of the so-called hangings, namely, the hanging of James James Mason, of Sils Sandue, in the county of Norfolk, is no more.
Had it not been for a false consciousness that I had recovered from a serious illness, which had afflicted me almost from the moment that I entered all the difficult business of life, I should have been almost forgotten.
The stories told of the tower of Balthasar, and of the chapel of St. Peter at the foot of Mount St. James, are as old as time itself; yet most of the readers of this work, although fond of the story, have no sooner heard the names of some of the ancient towers, than they enter upon the curious business of acquiring the materials necessary for the construction of those towers or of their chapels; so that the whole project may be regarded as a series of simple expedients arising from the want of any definite object at which to aim.
The audience assembled at the opera-house was a very interesting one; it included, besides the usual directors and engineers of the State, a committee of lawyers, and a set of clerks of the court.
For many days past I had been unable to sleep.
The thought of an assassination struck me with such awful terror that I was compelled, at last, to make up my mind to die on the spot.
He, Lazarus the fool, the criminal, was truly the most infamous of all the characters in the history of English literature.
Back at the house, Mrs. Sarah stood on the doorstep, watching her husband, Major Rufus James Alberts, drive into the town with his wife.
The fighting of the steerships in the river was late, and it had begun at the last moment.
My dear friend,
I have just received your letter of the 4th of August.
The first morning I discovered that my father was about to die, I was sitting in the garden with the lawn-mower and the pruning-carpet, and I suddenly remembered that the farmer in the neighboring village was a very good driver.
One morning, when I was six years old, I woke up with a bad headache, and the thought of death struck me suddenly and with such a terror that I'd rather I didn't know what it was.
Two weeks ago, in the town on the Mississippi, there lived a man, a good-looking, middle-aged man, and a widow, who had two daughters, ages 7 and 3, with her husband.
When the young girl of ten years went to school, there was a boy who looked like her, in the school-room but not as she looked, in spite of his bright eyes and bright hair.
The sun is shining.
The crowd, which was waiting for Angie, had expired down before morning.
THE SURRENDER, SIXTH SECOND OF APRIL, 1843.
In the end it was business as usual in all the great cities of Europe.
The government of the United States of America has been very low-key in the matter of banking since it was first established.
The dead had been swept from the streets and ruined by the ground.
The living no longer cared what happened to them.
I am a man who has found the strength to go on living.
One morning, on a Christmas Eve that was to last for months, my brother woke me up very early and said to me, "Do you know why the traffic is so bad today?"
A man walks after dawn.
A tall, dark figure with upraised eyebrows and dark eyes looked down upon the quiet, jade-covered flat of the forest below.
Dew and rain slicked the ground in the camp of chiefs, where the spirits of the distant dead were gathered.
The sweet scent of autumn flowers wafted over the hills of the rutted slopes.
Somehow in the night I had forgotten to bring my wand
The dinner party was a little before eleven in the spring of the year in which I was born.
The brisk autumn air of that year made the ground even slighter. 
There is a great house in the town of Canterbury-by-the
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
The night was cool and grey, the light of bare emeralds taken from the sky by the wind and the wind's unforgiving glare by the moon.
"Do you have any idea how much I love to teach you, Mr. Snape?"
The dog barked and licked its lips, the fierce teeth bared at the end of their teeth like two great metallic vipers.
"Does this baby have any legs?"
On his interviewers his face was marked and he didn't have the faintest idea of how to make it look serious.
"I'll have you know that I have many things in mind," said the elf, looking up from his book, and slumped back onto the ground.
The morning air was crisp and clear and spring had finally begun to turn into summer.
Harry Potter, Harry Potter, it is a wonderful day.
Luna, Rose, and Albus were sitting around the table reading the 'Charing Cross Statement', an old school work of fiction.
"This is a man."
"Murdy first, then Victorian."
The wretched prisoner was chained to the wall of the dungeons, his head in a snare.
Mudflats blinked and blinked and backflipped and scrambled around in circles, hoping the dream would return.
Hercule'l was a downy green thing that had swan throat and long feather-like wings, but smooth as white sandpaper and as light as a sparrow.
A small ship, built like a floating city, took the name of the planet Venus.
Hermione lay with her legs crossed, rocking back and forth.
Minerva Snape had intended only one thing for this night.
Your name's Ravenclaw, baby.
The brilliant moon showed its face, but there was no sun.
"I should've stayed behind," the young man said, "but somehow I just have to go."
"I want to do it, Harry."
The little girl was not what she had heard she was supposed to be.
What he called his 'insane accident' was nothing but a long, hard day in the hospital wing.
"It's a pity, Mr. Potter," said Miss Fortune. "It's a pity he didn't go and see if your aunt and uncle had any clothes left."
Harry Potter had stopped dead in his tracks just in time to see a man cast a stone through his head.
Serena Xiao-Griffiths was a little over a mile away, head down, arms rolled in her lap.
On a small, dusty island in the middle of a mysterious sea, by the islands of the great sea-town of Siam, a young man had been captured.
There was once a man named Benj;
Somehow he had managed to kill four people, and still survived.
In the sixth book of the Necronogold series the words 'Ikou' (I am) appeared in a gold copy of a book called the Necronomicon or Inscription.
The Nile was blue-black and the blackest, but the air was still warm with the scent of gold.
The night was bright and warm, the stars in the north-east brightly illuminated by the blazing suns of autumn.
I had a strange dream.
I think it was when I was a boy that I first experienced a very strange sensation.
The past is the past, and the future is often the past.
"The first word I remember from my great-grandfather is 'Murderer'."
The sky was filled with a cloud of dust.
"It's a living hell, and it's a lot of fun. I like it that way. I don't like the rest of it either."
In the heart of the City of London there lived a wealthy merchant who was one day going to buy a great house from the London community.
We roll into the city with a hundred-strong escort of troops and are ordered to stand guard at the gate to Queen Mary.
"He huffed, but he didn't puff."
The landlady of the town was perfectly content with the house and its purchase price.
The earth was nothing but a vast vast floor of stone, with no knowledge of human use, and no landmarks.
The king of England lies dead, and has been for one hundred years.
 Oooh the stairs!
Once upon a time there lived a princess whose name was Princess Susan, and whom her father loved and cared for, and who cherished an unbroken love for her father.
The walls of the castle were all black, and dark, and the sun was shining brightly, but the windows of the castle were still glass, and the air was still, and the air was cool and peaceful.
Lord Elgar of the Household of the Three Kings, High
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"What is it, now, big boy?" said the woman at the table.
Before the end of the world, or at the least, the beginning of it, I would like to tell you how I found my identity.
I will never forget the first time I saw Connie Bartram.
The little white feline stared back at the door with unnerving cruelty.
In the summer of '74, when our dear old friend Mr. Sherlock Holmes had retired to his comfortable dwelling, we lived at the foot of the moorland, and, although the weather was a little too warm for the squalor of the Friary, it was always pleasant and quiet, for it was always perfectly safe there.
"What's in that box, Sherlock?"
I have always had a certain dislike for the smell of death, including the stench of death itself.
About the year 1784 a young man living in the close confines of Solihull, or Springfield, Massachusetts, had the audacity to indulge in the most revolu- tious and inflammatory writings, which I refer to as the 'Philosophical Manuscripts.'
Mr. Sherlock Holmes was delighted with the object of his visit.
Sherlock Holmes was an old man when he met Dr. Watson.
"It's a very uncomfortable thing to be sick," said Professor Holmes; "but I like it."
To the young ladies on either side of me and my equal I said, "We're married."
I have always found it difficult to explain the significance of events except by simulating them.
Hearken, ye, or fly!
Love, my love; his love, whose love ye love, shall be with you ever after, even as his love was with his friend.
In a day or two the whole affair shall be over.
But the trunk, for all the interest it excited, had only three keys—one of which was the garden key, the other the house key, and the third the bayonet key.
I stand before you, now in my real age, and, unlike any other man I have ever known, it is with a clear mind and without any trace of irony or irony at all.
The moon was full of stars.
One afternoon, while sailing from St. Clair towards Kent, a ship turned out of port at St. George's, for unknown reasons.
The girl, now quite a young woman, partook of the Professor's tea, an infusion of which was prepared for her by the hand of the cook of the kitchen.
The tamale is impossible to make nearly as widely and as smoothly while remaining in the same culinary secretion.
Connie, my dear, did you ever see your father do anything to please you?
It was not without cause that the family settled in the great house which stood on the river Thames.
It was a stormy, stormy afternoon on a summer's day in the city of London.
You're going to kiss me, are you?
It was not without cause, however, that I was admitted into the house of my father and aunt, Lord and Lady St. Albans, on the river Thames.
It was not without cause that I was admitted into the house of my aunt, Lady Bishop Dougal, by the late countess of Beauchamp, against whom I lodged in the hope of receiving her pardon, and from whom I was never, in my life, able to learn her name.
It was but yesterday when I discovered that the year I had left school had come to an end.
It was not without cause that I came to London, but it was partly by accident that I had not known it sooner.
It was not without cause that I sat down at the last bench in the park and looked out at the dimly lighted houses, or the winding drives, or the highways at a distance of a mile or two, and thought of travelling to the sea.
It was not without cause that I was allowed to attend the lectures of my uncle, Professor Fortescue, at Epsom House.
It was not without cause that Mr. Holmes, in his youth, and in his last years, had any thought of taking up his old profession of medicine, and carrying on any kind of practice; and that he had decided to take up his old profession of medical essay and take up his old profession of Ph.D. instead of, and not at all contrary to, his old profession of mathematics; and that he had resolved to make the first application for a doctorate, and, from thenceforth, carry on any practice that he pleased; and that, in consequence of this resolution and determination, he had been prepared to put down his old career of professional medicine, and to find a new, comfortable profession, in which, indeed, he had every pleasure.
It was not
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
He couldn't have been more than ten years old when he rose to break his neck in the family crypt.
---A day in the life of the young King Arthur, or rather a day spent in it: it did not, however, afford him much leisure.
Any man who knew the legend of Merlin would rejoice to hear that in his time he not only had a flying horse, but a mighty and plump one, full of jewels, and a head of fine hair, and that when he put it to practical use it turned out to be an astute guide, and that when he had finished his career he had no difficulty in obtaining a place of honour, or at least to be distinguished.
Don't talk about an island of magic!
This is a story of a man who was, and is, and always will be, a fool.
"This place is beautiful," said Ira, "but now that I've seen it, it stinks."
It was a funny thing about the first summer room in the flat.
Ron over there has a face that looks like a cross between a horse and a girl.
The phantoms could be seen creeping around the edges of the damp, narrow hallway.
When Lord Norman had vanquished the Black Council, he had taken the castle by storm.
The end of the world is approaching and the world is going to die.
The pirate goddess the Maid of Merylis had set sail from Isengard on the last day of the year of the Rainbow Maiden.
No one remembers exactly when they first met, but it's either before they even knew each other that they had a crush on each other.
Professor Lestrange was a genius.
Sir Richard le Prim and the Duchess of Norfolk, whose names are known to all, were of opinion that, had there not been a very large crowd, Mr. Kilclark might have been able to predict the result of the annual draft meeting of the Faculty of Medicine, in which the consequence might have been variously altered.
Sleep is the only comfort I have, and nothing else.
Fourteen years ago, when Dr. Anton Leona was conducting her last examination of her patients, she had an idea of what might befall a young man who for some reason found the idea of death too hideous.
The world was not what it is today, for if it were, there would be no need of this little paper, and no need of these pictures, and no need of anything except the love of our lives.
The three men, the boys, the two boys, who were mischievously calling themselves 'the groom and the maid,' were standing three feet apart, looking at the ceiling; but it was not to be supposed that they were even in that vicinity, for they knew almost nothing of the world except that they were about to live it.
The great and ancient city of Mount Tremere is a very large desert, which lies near the sea of Creta; for it is in this place that the sea passes over the highest mountainside.
The part of the world which is so situated that no one can stop him from passing through is called the Great and the Subterraneous.
I always suspect when I first hear of a scandal that it is due to a misapprehension of my own superiority.
The air was full of the warm warm smell of the Mediterranean; there was not a soul in it that did not feel that it was warm and that it was full of life.
When I was a boy my grandfather, a pious man, used to tell me that nothing real but dust, sand, and air could survive the combustion of gold in a furnace.
This is what the land of the Sky Eagles used to look like
I don't know much about the history of the world, but I know that there has never been a better time to be alive.
The head of the hermitage was a tall, slim young man who had the air of a man who had lived for hundreds of years.
Well, it was a hard day for the Grim Reaper, really; at least the Grim Reaper thought himself to be a very wise man.
A guest of honour, called upon the secretary of the church, and asked him to write a letter, to the lady in the village of Cappella.
It began on a cold and stormy Tuesday in November, the year in which I was born, and ended, in a house in the country of East Anglia, in the parish of St. Guignol, which had hitherto been known as the Cappella.
One cold day in November, in the year in which I was born, I was sitting on the bus at Forest Gate, London, with the whole famliy of my family, when I suddenly remembered the story told me by my Aunt Tuss, about a
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
I will explain.
The shadow was so far away that neither the moon, nor the great green sea that surrounded it, could be seen.
It was too cold in the middle of the night to bother cooking a Nonpepper.
And so…
It was seven feet high, but at least there was no snow on the ground. 
I will admit it: when I finish writing this, I will be overcome with a rather jaundiced expression.
This is where the story begins.
The sun shone brightly on the beach.
The sunset parting the waters toward the stars.
The wind howled across the sky, slapping at the trees, and occasionally the water itself.
If you're looking for a good time, you might want to blow the trumpet as I do.
I had read in an old book, that the soul dies by overt suicide.
An old man in a yellow shirt, with a dark, shabby suit and a fern crown, stood on the stone steps of a hill on the western verge of the unknown.
A large gaggle of geese fanned out before them, and the sun shone brightly on the dry land.
My dear friends and relatives, I feel obliged to say that my life has been abnormal from the start.
It was a good day in August.
"Now, Ludo, just read this."
"Perchance the soul perishes by suicide, is it not?"
The snow-bound streets of Tokyo were quiet on a Wednesday afternoon in May, as a rain stopped the blood lust from a tumultuous crowd. 
The sun shone brightly on the front and rear windows of the white Cadillac, a passenger in the second class of a steamer bound for the islands of Togami and Asano.
"Well, now, what's the matter?"
I am a corpse.
So, you know, you've been waiting a long time to hear anything new.
The world has gone mad.
The music was still, and there were others, as squeaking mermen and weeping bears sang in the trees.
No one knew how to get to the bottom of that lake, or whether something terrible was waiting for the first person to get to the bottom.
Adalbert Grass began to write.
You all know who I am!
An old man in a yellow shirt, with a dark, shabby suit and a fern crown, stood on the stone steps of a hill on the western verge of the unknown.
The night was like any other night; but the sky was blue and the stars were black with gold.
The bird flew through the air, blackened, scorched, and cloudless.
The sun rose to reveal giant blacks turned to golden dust.
There was once a man, who lived a long time ago on a small island in the Indian Sea. 
When the night was over, after a hard day's work and with the nights heavy with rain, and the heat of the day rising, long after the mild sunshine had lost its charm, and the cool summer air had died away, and the poor house in the little hamlet in which I was staying was a ruin of ruins, and the old man there became very tired and very cold, and the roof of the house began to crack and to fall down, it occurred to one of the servants that it was not wise to stay up all night, even if a man was required for some purpose, and perhaps the purpose was an exorcism or for some work which was necessary in the world or in religion or in business.
In the morning, finding that the rain had ceased, it occurred to the old man in the yellow dress that it would be better not to have risen at all, than to be obliged to go to bed early.
I, Nod, son of Pity the Chaperone, do lie in wait for you, sir; and you know it.
The wounded animal lay for some minutes on the river bank, babbling in the shallow water of the river while the great army of the Lō̏kampans swept towards him.
"Our granda said," said the old Liao, "that the first wife of the Head Lai of that House of Yi was the daughter of the Empress Cǎo; but she lived before that, and has been dead many years.
The sun was shining brightly over the smooth butterfly-pasture. 
It was a Thursday, and the summer heat was breaking such as had never been known to the people of the house before in all their years.
It began with nothing.
The sun shone brightly with the moon in the west.
Young Kno had been playing in the darkness of the side garden, and now, when the moon lights up the trees and the moon shines through the bushes, and the water runs clear as though it
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"Curses! Cursed Gene! Cursed tomb! Cursed Sea, cursed year of my life!" cried the first child, who was now eleven or twelve.
"That thing back there!" the other one said in a whisper, his voice shorn of all emotion and preciousness.
One thing was certain.
Colonel Spinternick, who was the very boss of all the soldiers, of the high school teachers, and even of the teachers' wives, had always said that the best way to get information out of a Chief of the British Army in the future was not to kill him, but to expose him, as he was known to the civilian world, to the light of ridicule.
Everyone knew that there were two kinds of people in the world—good men and good women.
The year was the seventh year of my life.
"Time only moves so fast."
I was born with a certain amount of wiry, tawny hair, a quality which I am now proud to acknowledge by the fact that my legs seem to have disappeared for ever and I am now reduced to a limp, nearly immobile burden. 
Long companion with the atmospexical traveller, the sea is my friend and my companion wherever I go, even in the midst of turmoil.
All the world is still young.
Opening the window, she passed the hippo-chased, the black-furred fauna of the Solomon's Valley to the west. 
A fair-faced, blue-eyed girl with a soft, slightly lisping voice, the daughter of a Brooklyn market girl and a remorseless explorer, who had short, spiky black hair and a small, round face, and was accustomed to be the last one to board the little white train at the west end of the Bronx, or at least to begin her journey without any companion except a stranger who looked and spoke like her.
A mountain of quicksilver-white dust, a tangle of black fur, and a single glowing sun; it was all a tale told by a Muslim named bin Ibrahim.
At the end of the nineteenth century the accounts of all the adventures of the unfortunate Dutchman Rijksmiddel were published in all their glory.
I have been dreaming of sunshine, and if it hadn't been for the heat of the sun and the extreme cold of the winter, I doubt if I would have ever let my mind forget the pleasantness of a day's exercise in the sunshine.
I am lying here on this green ground in this little country of the Mediterranean. 
I am only seventeen, but I know everything there is to know about eighteenth-century England.
Over the last three years, when I have been able to visit the house where she fathomed her dreams, the woman has changed little.
I come also to the house where I will have the misfortune to die.
My name is Cooper, and if you know what I mean, you will know I am not ashamed to say that I am not a small man.
The late wind howls and howls, and the sea is as angry and black as the day it was born.
The scene was a protracted one.
"The seal has escaped from the river!" shouted the villagers.
The two old ladies stood together on the bank of the river, and their faces were covered with tears.
The night air was clear and warm, and the chill breeze of fall had become naught but a breeze of calm.
The sun rose first, in the morning, and shone brightly on the farms of North Sydney.
What is life, really?
In the summer of 1814, the United States was, perhaps, America's least wealthy country, and yet one of its most interesting, though least talked about, institutions.
I was born in a basement.
In the great, swirling sea of space, when all the stars glow and the sun sets and the stars shine and the night is almost over, there lived a boy with a big heart and a big brain and a small face and a little hand.
Slide the finger of your hand, close your eyes.
The sky around us is grey.
How can you explain the emotions that come over me when I read the book that you've brought with you to the dinner table?
The house was bright and cheerful and cool and dry and clean and easy in the morning, and sanitary in the afternoon.
I was walking along the bank of the river in Parkland, which is the seat of the public library, when I sat down on a bench in front of a fireplace and attempted to read.
Trinity was certainly in a way more fortunate than other girls in the neighbourhood.
It is a wonderful thing to become an artist, and to gain such a brilliant and striking result by merely walking along drawing-room walls.
She leaned over
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
At the moment when he was about to collide with the ground, Nym the Eternally Little Fox burst through the cairn wall, leapt back, and dropped dead.
I say: Executive Order, announce the nearest city.
Foreword by John C. Fisk, M.D.
PRINCESS FISK, the daughter of the great noble old emperor of China, of whose name I have a written narrative, was the eldest of the four daughters of Emperor Tse-Tse-Tsien, of the dynasty of the Seven Stars.
When Triss Major walked out of the office, she felt a certain relief.
The second sun of summer hung in triumph over the white table-lands of the Court of Five Hills.
Tullius Claudius Caesar, and Augustus, and me, who were still young men, were in the year 1734, waiting to be recalled from office on account of our having violated the repeal of a law of our own and also of the province of Flanders by withholding from it a few large sums of money, which we then possessed, which had been appropriated not only to the library of the State, but also to certain public offices and to the education of the citizenry.
In olden times, when human beings lived by chance and either worked or attended school, there lived in a village near a lake called Aubel, in the province of the Auchterard, of the celebrated family of Aubel, the Eckards.
Blue-eyed, brown-haired and red-eyed, with a florid face, like an angel or a god, with a white beard and a long white-trimmed, frothy-blond hair, the little girl was called 'calypso,' and was carried away in the arms of her mother, who, however, was not exactly like an angel; but perhaps like a god, the same kind of god, as the sun and the moon and the stars and the whole galaxy.
The uncle and aunt of the present writer, who are both of very large families, lived in a house in a wood on the banks of the Douisane.
The first time that Charles de Ferret lived in the world, he was forty years old.
The air was still, and shivering.
The sun was setting, and the sky was blue as a sheet.
The sun shined brightly, but no one had time to look up.
"It's a really nice place."
Only twice a year was we able to get a shot of the volcano, the first of which was in 1832.
The village of Salem on the western shore of the Amboy River, on the last day of May, was surrounded by large, well-defined rows of palm trees.
The village of Litchfield, on the opposite shore of the river, of which it has been for some years past, was a well-furnished and well-kept house upon the bank of the river, and had in it all that was necessary for the residence of its family.
The school at the time when I was four years old was an ugly little affair.
I am no longer aware of the spelling of the name of the house, but I have no doubt that it is of that description.
The old man sat down in the dark and took up his place in the house.
In Leyden, in the year 1679, there was discovered in the town of Leyden a little insignificant island, of which the distance from the port of the island to the lower water of the Inferior Sea is less than an ell.
The flowers bloomed brightly at the door; but the breeze that blew in from the East, blowing the blossoms a gentle breeze of orange and yellow horse-power, seemed to me to be like a mighty whirlwind, and it was very disagreeable indeed.
There is a quiet moment, as most of us do, when we shut our eyes, we just sit and think about something, and then, more or less unconsciously, we begin to say: "'Mmmmm.'
The man's name was Chester, and he was thirty-four years old.
In the midst of the streets of Alexandria, in the year 1659, the Emperor Bonaparte's son, the Lord Mayor of London, not unnaturally, but simply by habit, but the more naturally, since he was the son of it, took up his residence in a large and commodious house in the very centre of the city, and there, like a good landlord, he kept a good housekeeper.
In a house of six rooms, two in the first story and a large, light, airy passage, in a neighbourhood called Sofitel Street, in which the names of such reputable persons as Mrs. Thomas, Lady Viscount Auburn, Lady Jane Clifford, Lady Gert
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
For the last time, I will tell you how my death ended.
The dark was silent.
The words of the prophecy were carved into the stone beneath his feet.
It's the first day of summer, and no one is expecting me.
Gingrid and Sophia shared a kind of warmth that came from unspoken desire.
The door to the baby's room swung open and Guile entered.
He'd got out of bed before the sun rose, for no one would be watching.
The only way of finding the way out of the room was through a huge gap in the ceiling, dark and void, and through a hole in the face of the earth, which looked down on the hole.
The door to the Big House swung open, and Guile entered.
The lake was a great big watery dais, filled with the soft, glowing green foam of the saltwater, and despite the immense height of the place, and despite the fact that it had been at least eight years since the Big House had been built, and we were about to begin our fifth year of existence, we were still rather amazed that it would ever have been possible to get the idea of building a house in the lake.
II.
The sun was rising in the morning.
I knew it was going to be bad for a while.
After the disaster of the latest bull market in Wall Street, not long ago this year, the stock market plummeted from its historic high of mid-twenties to a still dazzling sixty-eight dollars by the time of my mother's funeral.
I left the house at four in the morning, but it was already too dark.
We're not in a real city now.
The sunlight finally broke through the thick leafy leaves and onto the dark, stony ground.
Gram is going through a very important period.
I remember the first time I saw the Great Clock.
It was an amazing thing that happened to me.
"Give us whatever you can spare."
An old woman stood in front of the church door.
The man in the orange coat was nowhere to be found except at the right time of day.
The magic that let me summon the so-called Chosen one was amazing.
Only a few weeks ago, venerable old tradition dictated that I sit with my back to the board and examine my recreation of the Liber-Amiari.
I'm not sure how many centuries it has been since I saw the beautiful town of Netero, shining in the morning light as a beacon upon the sea.
The blackbird soared and swooped over the plain, like a mother seeking its own child.
The family home sits on a hill, in an old-fashioned house that is marked with a single wrought-iron gate.
After the battle of the Griffins, Thomas and his cousins Thomas and his wife, Mary, had a good deal in common.
I am a writer and I write for the morrow.
The moon shone through the darkening forest grass, its light a soft reflection of the frozen sky.
A most unpleasant circumstance, but not without a particular mention in the present events.
The eyes of the dog were large and bright, but the head was slender and level.
The last day of first winter, the morrow-back-wall of the circular garden could scarcely be seen from the street.
I am sitting at the window of my room, on the bank of the Thames, watching the evening sun set. 
The donkey walked the double white tarmac with serene confidence, despite the numerous dog-keepers who sometimes tried to stop it.
The sun was shining, a blue-white beam of flame that glistened in the gloom.
In the year of aggregate growth, at the end of the second century, the septemian man, Diogenes, was called to a council of the senate.
Everybody expected that they should be dead.
We had come far enough in our travels to know that it was possible to touch the spirit of the commonplace.
She is sitting down by the window, reading a book which she has brought into her room, and without speaking.
In a development which has been termed the "transfiguration," which is an alteration of the form of an object, such as a god, a mountain, or the earth, the soul of the believer first attains to a state of perfect felicity, a divine presence, and then to a state of perfection, so that he is able to conduct his life in a way which is so extraordinary, so divinely inspired, and so extraordinary in its character, that one cannot help being moved by wonderment at its remarkable objectivity, which is congruous with the highest character, and so acquires the approval of mankind.
The boy sat at his desk, doing nothing while his mother worked in
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
It was the day that three students – almost all boys – would die, one by one, each day, one by one, until only three remained.
Blink of an eye, and I stand on my feet; I've been… sitting down.
There was once, there was a friend of mine, if you may have heard of me.
There are many people in this world who understand the meaning of life.
If I had not known that the North-Eastern Sea was sinking, I should have chosen a different route from that which we took.
The boys in my class were about to go to a dance party at the old lady's house.
My parents were not particularly fond of me being a girl.
There were three things that I hated.
They said the young man had a terrible, horrible temper.
The human race was going to give us a terrible disaster.
This is a story about a boy, once again, not counting the seconds that pass before he realizes he's in a movie.
The man who had the ear of the first human to touch the first moon on the night that the planet Earth was born had a saying that has stuck with me ever since: "Do as you like, as long as you're allowed to."
My mother always said, if you put a man on the moon, he would go crazy. 
The past is what you make of it.
I had it all figured out.
The top of the Crimson bridge was full of stars, all of them brilliant and beautiful.
The sun came out shining on the gray stone instead of the forest.
I am here to tell you a story.
The skies were very clear, a light day's worth, and the stars the color of smoky moon dust, shining with the natural light of the grass.
The sun rose over the green and yellow land that overlooked the great river of the same name.
The following series of facts is the result of a scientific investigation.
The court was full of people.
I looked into the eyes of the man who was to become me. 
There was a town called Edisto.
It was an excellent day when things got so bad that the whole population of Edisto, like some small number of happy travelers, decided they wanted to die.
It was a cold, stormy night, but the sky was clear and the snow-clad mountains glittered in the moonlight.
There was once a lady who was so pretty that her face was almost touching the white of her cheeks; she was the daughter of Henry Vane, Earl of Essex, cousin of King James; and, as is usual with them, her father was a king.
War has been the most ancient of passions.
In a little white room, a door on the left hand wall, a number of feet wide, and eight inches deep, the staircase led up to an apartment with a view of the forest, which was the "walled garden."
The Christmas trees were beginning to bore their way into the valley.
The brig in which I was working was moving, and I had spent all that morning in designing the fittings and giving orders, for the weather was to be wonderful!
The third, fourth, and fifth watches were in order for the wedding of the wife of George Woodville, Earl of Clarendon, Lord Protector; and I had been very anxious to get them all in order, for I had often thought that the present was very much in need of improvement, if necessary; but, strangely enough, a fault had arisen in one of them, and I found that, although the watch was not badly run, it was so badly run that it could not be taken care of without the aid of a very serious watch-piece or something of the sort--no, not a wimpy watch-piece which you might call a "dial-end dial;" but a piece of watch-work that could be taken into any shop and put upon, and which, if the shop was large enough, the man who was in charge of it would have the satisfaction of seeing turn out in all respects as if they had been made for an ordinary shop.
When the first great earthquake hit Paris, the bells at the city's main church went a-ring.
Projected on the roof of the palace, in the centre of the capital, a huge yellow-green globe, resembling a ball of wax, and measuring 60 feet in diameter, which bore a striking resemblance to the domestic globe of a country house or apartment; and at the same time it resembled a similar globe which was situated in the neighbourhood, and which was the object of the extensive industry which, as we have seen, had been the principal object of every enterprise which the Emperor Maxime had occasion to undertake during the reign of his father, and for which he was very highly esteemed, and
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
The grass was young and slender, the wisps of it a grey tinge of green, which revealed the veins of a water-grass. A rabbit stumbled along the banks, its head jutting: ears too low.
The last of the Christmas lights in Tokyo winked out with a small crack, like a softly dipped glass, before sinking back into the gray clouds of the sea.
Even the most dedicated Army spy could tell you that there is no such thing as a truth serum.
They are the people who run the beauty parlours in the capital.
When you were young and wept, you knew that every boy you knew was someone you never should have been.
In Summer you would lay your head on your mother's chest, and pray that she would take you to the sea.
In every building in London, there were two or three good looking girls.
A boy named Brian was walking down the corridor of his chief's office, listening to a recording of a game in which people lined up at the door and peeked inside to see if the door was open.
The air grew still as he entered the main door of the old office, but he was ready.
"No more with the punch-the-dead-thing."
The fatigue of her long journey was beginning to set in.
The first morning dew fell, the sun was out, and the first birds were singing.
It was a dismal spring day in April when Isaac Abbate awoke to find his self slumped through the thin white sheets of a chair, his eyes heavy with the tears of despair.
Those who know Lestat will recognize the expression of the shifting, faded classes of the land as they descend a long, narrow staircase, which somehow links the great, rich, and narrow streets of Ankh-Morpork with the lower, more working classes of the city.
She had been sleeping all that time and was still sleeping when she began to cry.
"Why don't you just write a poem?"
The morning sun shone like a mirror, casting the blue sky a soft, lilac-blue.
Jonathan suspected the stairs were four stories up.
More lights on in the courtyard, and the camels peeping through the sly grass.
The wind howled.
The lion broke his neck on the old man's shoulder, and then the knuckles on his hands.
The lads had all been up all night, and they were all still sitting around in their mess-bins, watching the show.
When we started the jacka wagon down this dusty road from the front gate, our father had promised that we would find the house.
The ruins of Beyrle are full of the pale marble of a castle, with the appearance of an old house, with stored provisions, and with a warm smell of rain and mud and dust.
This is a story of three boys, aged fifteen, sixteen, and seventeen, who find themselves caught in the midst of a vast, strange, and beautiful country, with an army of half a million warriors, with an emperor of the East, who is the greatest of mankind, and whose name was Demeter.
The morning light shone through the thick grey clouds, casting a golden glow on the plain before them.
The mountain peak that faced the Sea of Galilee was a huge, black object, which looked a great distance away at first.
The first hint of something approaching civilisation appeared in the northern passes of Douglas, a little over a hundred miles north-east of great Ankh-morpork.
The houses of the city stood tall and proud, their dark windows bristling with a thousand carvings of gold and silver.
As a child my father had a dream of a ship called the Hind.
The wind howls.
The world is all in the air.
In the middle of the night I woke up.
"You must be the sea-monster that haunts the coast of Barcelona."
I am sleeping in a dead man's bed.
In my younger and more vulnerable years, my mother gave me the commands to fall asleep.
It was only a dream.
The tower was a young man's dream.
It occurred to me that, in this lifetime when the universe was supposed to be infinite, there must have been a very limited number of moments in which the universe actually existed.
With a sudden and unexpected onset of intellectual lethargy, I discovered the study of languages, though of little consequence in itself, and immediately began to seek out the number of them, which I found—indeed, I found—in the course of my studies.
When the cat thought me dead, it was dead.
When the month ended, we were all aware of the fact that the war had reached its end.
I was born on a deserted island in the middle
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"You will find something to like, anytime."
The hangman was watching them all.
"What am I gonna do about it?"
The spell that gave you the ability to live forever was actually the first spell of its kind.
The sphinx is a myth.
Groin was a bravery curse, much like, say, the one for horsy-his-socks.
The stars are all pointed in the same direction.
The White family was citizens of the small town of the name of Stapleton, where the woman was Mrs. Thomas Sturgeon.
An evil wizard had stolen the book on which an ancient prophecy detailing an apocalypse had been written.
There were three daughters - Eyla, Mareth and Dinadan.
Hermione Granger was living a happy life, enjoying her summer holidays with her family and friends.
The light breeze off the Pacific waves had been well-timed by the time she had stepped out into the bright sunshine of the Pacific Northwest.
She was fifteen.
You will both die.
The child stares through the chamber, searching for his mother.
The green and white stars hover in the night sky like a tiny jewel.
The daughter of a merchant named Gewart, in the year of 1620, was born in the town of Sydney, in the county of South-side, of a family of Christians of that name, who had been descended from the Apostles, who had been the first to preach the praises of the Gospel to the Gentiles.
"Mr. Granger, in what respects does your father seem nearer to the mind of God than to that of man?"
She sat on the edge of the bed, and she looked up at the ceiling with a trembling hand.
There is a story about a man who stood by the lake and listened to the waves crashing against the windows.
There were three children.
The golden sack of gold was the size of a small boy's head and weighed about two pounds.
In the year of 1358, during the reign of King Edward the First, was born a young girl, called Jane, who had like her mother suffered a severe cold, and who had been brought up in frequent and severe distress.
They let her stay longer in the room, as if she were a piece of luggage.
When a boy in the ninth grade or something like that gets the bright idea to go into the library, no one ever takes him up on it.
Time for another round of reviewing the FFDB. Today's figure is one of the earliest ones in the database, and it comes with a very modest price tag.
There are three children.
Dr. Maxis was once the most important man in the world.
Birthdays are supposed to be fun.
The squeezing stage of the journey was one of the most terrifying experiences I have ever had.
The cat had a hell of a lot of fun.
It was a warm and sunny day in spring of 1925, and the so-called 'ill children' of South Carolina were enjoying their summer holidays.
In the years between the revolution and the end of the war, a great deal of work was done in the field of language research.
The sea, a vast emptiness of pure oil, and a magical and beautiful barrier of thinking, carries with it a magic power, a power which, for a long time it had never been possible to describe in words.
That was the way it was for me.
The dust-clouds that rolled over the land, their shapes almost irrelevant to the scale of nature, seemed to invite the wise into the garden.
The sea, once more, seemed to invite the wise into the garden.
During the frenzied excitement of the Revolution, the Emperor Decius was absent for a prolonged period of time and, some say, was never on the throne again.
The orchestra was playing at the open door of the Field-Hall of London, when my cousin Holcroft, the wife of Mr. Alfred Holmes, came in.
"'Who is that fellow with the pointed chin?' said I, 'a snob like that, who has no sense of decency whatever, and who almost always goes into the city to procure drugs.'
The light of the moon swept through the clear, windowless air of the port city of Southampton.
The forest of the region of Ynde-Prodan had had enough of the great, horrible, mammon-woe, which was taking its toll upon its trees and their beauty.
"This is the first time I've been away from my house since I was sixteen months old.
The sky grew darker, and the town of Dandewer.
The year was April, and the sky was clear and bright, like a morning breeze blowing through an open house in the clear, air of January.
Twelve years
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
My name is Brendan and this is THE story of my life.
In a shabby, rundown part of town, across the water, between the front steps of a brownstone and the front door, two old men, sitting on the porch of their home, sound asleep, watched the small-town shades of moonlight blow through the thimble-sized puffs of air that were the breathing space in which they lived.
Before she died, she wanted her life to be the best it could be, and she knew that it would only be the best possible. 
It was after midnight and the moon was no bright star; no moonlight shone from its cloudy surface, but the dark streets and winding alleys that ran through the streets of the city, and the high, damp old houses where the boys of eleven and twelve years old worked, were as bright and as real as any other day in the old city.
"I'm going to kill you," the wind howled.
One weekend they were out in Fairholme, a very northern county, and Henry Cox had a flying command of the air.
The great lawn of the White House is enormous.
The little ship was anchored in a small boatyard not far from the ocean.
Once upon a time the people of the forest lived in great reeds and notches of sand and leather, where the fens were continuous in both sides; where the streams ran through the woods; where the fern wood grew thick and heavy, and in some places of spruce, and in others of spruce, and in others of oak, and in all places of beech, and there was a calm and peacefulness which no man had ever known before.
At the time when a man is preparing to die, it is a very bad time.
There was a boy named Seth, and he liked to read, and he liked to look after things and he liked to get along with people and he liked to be left alone and he liked to look after his own happiness and he just liked to know that he had a good life and he said to himself, well, I guess I have a good life.
I believe it was in a field in the meadows of the mountains, when I was first born that my father gave me the idea of writing.
James Alton, later to become the Sheriff of the Old Marbles and Lady Cuthbert, of Middle-Weston, Essex, was born at which place he was instructed, and afterwards attended the Royal College of the Healing Arts, Oxford.
I am a man of thirty-nine years, and a thousand and one years ago at the beginning of the twelfth century a certain Florentine monk, called John of Serfice, if you will call him by that name, appeared in the court of the first emperor Constantine, who was a God of the Jews, and ordered the execution of four hundred and fifty-two religious and political persons.
The carriages of the old-fashioned kind—the ones which the last three decades of my life have been compelled to replace—have always tended to pass for the most magnificent in the city.
The moon was smoking in the sky, a gleaming ball of gas, as brilliant as a sapphire, or the most precious jewel in the world.
In the summer of that year, 1577, Sir Thomas More, the author of the work which you now read of, named after him, wrote a letter to the Golden Bough, in the neighbourhood of Jermyn, in Yorkshire, where he then was living, in which he says:—
I am writing to you on account of your kindness in giving me such directions and instructions on what I ought to do, to give me the power of foreseeing the future, as I have never had before in my life, and not only today, but for ever more, and cannot fail to be benefited by, the advice of my friends; for to whom I have always been confiding an infinite share of my fortune, that they may be able to contribute what is requisite for the good ordering and disposing of the whole; and who, if with better advice they had altered their course, have been forced to do business in a foreign country, without having examined any particular plan of management, or of management for the whole order of business, which would have enabled them to increase their fortunes, and render the least possible service to themselves; so that I now very much regret to oblige you with, or take advantage of, my letters, which have been lately sent me, in order to supply you with some particulars respecting my estate, which I have lately purchased, and which, I believe, if I am mistaken, is worth upwards of a hundred thousand pounds sterling, which, unless it are very considerable, is little more than the amount to which I have been able to consume, without becoming extremely destitute
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"Oh, come, come, my lord! There's not time for any more nonsense! There's a world of business to be done, and at a moment's notice a lady could be killed on the stretch between Johns St.", Ron said, his eyes fixed on the paper in front.
The monstrous thing, the transfigured beast that had, at the end of the '14-'15 academic year, been billed as the 'Quidditch Knight,' lay silent and lifeless in the centre of the Thames.
I AM THE CHIEF OFFICER OF THE LOURDS OF THE OFF-DECK, AND SO SHALL I JUDGE THESE VOLUNTEERS.
Polly Thomas was frowning when she heard the blast, but she hadn't seen anything yet.
The little story of the day began with a single mistake.
The world was gone.
Polly stood up.
Polly rolled onto her feet.
"I should like to make a list of all the things we have, but I don't know what to do."
The sun is shining bright, but the air is hot and clear and I am cold, damp and miserable and thirsty, and the gentle winds blow the pearly snow around me, and the garden is full of messy, green-fingered, dry-looking half-wits, who wear big moustaches and tall, crooked noses and carry long, thin, skintreads.
My name is James Riley and I am dead.
It all began with a great red sun.
Polly, sitting down, began to talk.
Lest anyone should presume that Draco Malfoy is a mud-broker, or an indentured servant, or a paltry professional, or a person who drinks and uses magic or isn't very bright, or a murderer, and who is not a very nice person, consider this account of my life from what I have actually known about him, and from what I have been able to make out of his conversations with me and my own recollection.
So how did I get into this place?
Somewhere in the cemetery there is a small stone grave with a cross, and there is a little girl buried in it.
Some years ago my father fell dead.
I always thought I was one of those people who gets into trouble for nothing, and then settles for not being one of them.
There's something about that great House of Potter, the House of Black and White, that makes any man just as well off as he is.
It's the most wonderful day of my life, but now it's too late.
I have just the thing I need.
I'm sure you've heard, but the story's not over yet.
At first I didn't know who or what the girl was.
Whatever he was, he was a brilliant boy.
We're going to take a walk, though I know nothing of the country, and we're going to do it alone.
There was once a petite girl with a long, curly tail.
There was once a boy who was called Peter.
I have the power to walk.
In the faraway lands of the sea, there is a house of dour, heartbroken families and a house called "The Second Madhouse."
I knew it was very likely that the first sick dog would end up in this house.
In the middle of September, the sun was shining through the spruce trees of the forest.
The day I finally realised I was pregnant was Friday the 13th, and I did not do justice to the significance of that first, single, clear, sunny day.
You may know that my mother is dead.
I am writing this letter from the extended family of my cousin Simon Paul.
I cannot remember if I had read the article about the daughters of men.
Mrs. Byron, the great lady, sometimes called "Lady Rolf," was a very old and very wretched woman, and one of the most detestable characters in the country; but in my opinion, among all women, she was the most infamous.
My name is Jessie.
Prayer and recitation were the only things that held me still in the middle of the night.
There was once a man in a country where there were no citizens who did not take pleasure in performing some act of piracy for the king of England.
The street was very dusty, and the lamps in the houses burned dim.
I'm going to write this very long letter.
Rosie the Riveter loved the garden.
I was born in the year 1759, and am about to die.
I have read and heard many accounts of the time of the funeral of Sir William Lintres, son of Mr. and Mrs. John Lintres, who were murdered by the Robes; and I have found nothing
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"So, you think I've got it, Mister Minister?"
The grinding gears of the Imperial Interdictor moved slowly, like the fingers of an undead cat, and the pilot's eyes bored into the blackness.
Ancient times.
The first time I heard me name nine was when I was seventeen years old.
The first time I saw The Ninth Seal, it was on the big screen at the trans-island landing strip.
I'm going to let you in on a secret, but first I want to tell you about my best friend," Sandi said.
It's a house on the edge of the woods, a walk or a jaunt in the direction of the coast.
The evening breeze carried a soft whiff of sweet tea and very little smoke.
I have two questions for you, Arthur.
The sun was shining like a sun, almost as bright as it could be, and the birds of the army of the gods were singing, for the skies were full of their song.
―publications of the king of England, printed at the time of the king, or, when not in print, in the year of grace, respectively, 1st August, 1573, when he was seventeen years of age, and he had succeeded in making a considerable fortune in the province of Anglesey; and when, in consequence of a public scandal, it was discovered that a certain Rupert of Cambridgeshire, who was afterwards (156) called the King of the Britons, had been appointed by the parliament to the office of lieutenant-general in the service of the king, and that he had commanded in the service of the kingdom in the year of grace, 1590, and had remained there ever since, during which time his military career was full of glory: nevertheless, when he came to the age of grace, and had made a considerable fortune in the province of Essex, he became disgusted with the mean and stupid character of the people who lived there; and, in consequence, took in some of them, who were not only inferior in intelligence and character to the rest of the people, but had the appearance of being worse than the rest; and, having been induced by them to make certain concessions, he was able to make all the necessary arrangements for their government, and to preserve all their rights and privileges, without any serious inconvenience to himself or any of them.
I had to go.
The sign on the gate read, "Home of the Black Lodge."
I had no idea what the idea was behind my first observations.
I had a dream in a dream.
I was standing in the garden of my friend, Margaret Atherton, the parish crier, and observed an old man with different features, and a different occupation, and a different appearance, and I was very much startled.
The stench of death is terrible.
It was a beautiful Sunday afternoon, as the leaves of the trees were beginning to turn green, and the wind was blowing against black walls of growth.
Truth is, you have to admit that when you look at a boy, it's really hard to tell the difference between a fourteen year old boy and an eighteen year old boy.
I once had the bright idea to do something with the money that I had collected as a side-show for a political rally.
The air was filled with the sound of the engines coming up at the foot of the mountain.
You've got to give it up, Jack.
"Another devastating blow to the imperial family!"
Just before the end of the year, when all the money was gone, I'd just finished going through the lists of all the British royal families, and that's when I'd discovered which had the most money and which had the least.
It was a cold, snowy day.
The Temple of Remembrance lay abandoned, and the sun was shining brightly on the empty streets.
The police had claimed that the attack was an accident.
It was the ninth day of the new year, and he was sitting on his couch, watching the last of the winter flowers take their turn to bloom in the slightly damp, slightly windless town.
As usual, when Rob Stevenson appeared before a judge, he carried a small silver bird, a beak like a black-crowned gull, and a silver piece of lead.
The boy standing by his bed never knew who his father was.
The man who had been assisting the king of England, Lord Sidney, had spent many a sleepless night in the prison of the Tower, anxiously awaiting the arrival of a certain gentleman named Mr. Pope.
On the morning of the second day of January, 1884, after the death of Lord Maclure of the Navy, the dying emperor, the late Emperor of the West-India Company, who had been crowned by the Comte de la Carcasse, reigned for a
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. "So I'm going to go back to the river and see what the Fae have to say."
The sky was grey and sullen and cold.
"The world will be up in a very, very hurry," Riddle said.
After the war the world was still young, naught but buzzing and stars, and yet the entire earth trembled with the hope that it would be different for ever.
Alive!
Alive!
Carl the miner was waiting for the flood.
The air was cool, and warm, cold, and wet.
"You've been sleeping with the dead."
My sister is a killing machine.
My sister, who seemed to me to be dead, was alive.
Sure, you can't kill your sister.
The first day of summer, the boys were playing on the beach, and the girls were there, in the only place where they knew what it was to play with dolls.
"Take the stitch question!"
The knight turned, and saw the figure of a boy with a crown on his head, looking into the water.
The wizard, the last of the Last Wizards, stood before the door of Number 8, the great and grim room where the king and queen and the emperor sit.
It was the most beautiful day of their lives, and they had each other to give a little something to cheer them up, but it was the day the eleven-year-old Harry Potter stood before his uncle's parlor door with the greatest hope, knowing that every action would bring him great joy.
The alcove was a large room, redolent of salt air, with a shining round oil lamp on the door and a gold-and-white portrait of the young wizard hanging from the wall.
He had his bloody scar on his forehead in the fact that he had been shot in the back of the head, and his left arm sticking out from underneath the elbow.
Inside the house, at the foot of the hill, there was once again an old woman with a long hand, though it was now much smaller.
Half an hour before the beginning of the year, when John Burrowes lay back in his bed and thought about the future, he had the idea of trying to kill the leader of the Three-Eyed Dog gang.
When a place is sand, and the waves are cold and dry, and the wind is hard and whipping, and you are squat, and the air is so thin that you need a pair of lungs to breathe, you are going to have a hard time of it.
In the middle of the summer, when the roof of the house over the kitchen was full of rain and ice and snow, and the wind howled and the cellar stairs had not been so much as a foot above the floor, when all the houses in the street, which were in all cases of the same description, trembled and screamed and rummaged for days and weeks, there lived a man called Robert Hook, who lived in a five-room room with a living-room, dressing-room, dining-room, cupboard-room, and another room for the use of the family, which had its own kitchen, garden, and fire-hall.
In the morning I awoke in a cold sweat, and found myself standing on the floor of my room with my back against the wall, with my hands on the doorframe, with the light shining through the narrow gaps between the beams of the wall, and I had been screaming for hours, and I had not given up the cry, but I had no doubt that it was only a matter of time before the dead came home to me; and as I stood there, looking at the door, I fancied that I had seen the face of the dead man, but I did not know his name, and I was afraid that he was dead.
In the living room of the house over on the north side of Detroit was a little black-and-blue cottage, where the old women were all living together, and there was a little boy in the parlor, playing in the darkness.
The silver-gray sky over the Crimean Sea had a colourless quality of the smog of the port of Sevastopol.
I have always thought that if I had owned a house in the town of St. Petersburg, it would have been advantageous to me, if at all events possible to my advantage, to have been born somewhere where the names of my ancestors were not known to the world, and it would have been of some advantage to me to have been born in the town of Pskov, where my grandfathers and grandmothers lived; for many of my ancestors lived in the same house as my grandfathers and grandmothers.
I had been awake almost an hour when the police came and whisked me away into an empty room at the back of the flat.
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
Starting in the middle of the street, it was an impossible process to get to the very top of the stairs, to the very top of the shop, but it was a thing that Harry had who knew how to do it.
The offer was the same for anyone.
Ever since the dark nights of the past, when she had been orphan and immature, and brought to the surface of madness by the combination of innocence with evil, the beautiful, innocent face of the girl gathered around her, with her green eyes, had been a source of terror to her mother, and perhaps to herself, and one of the most uncertain and troublesome situations of childhood.
The kitchen was quiet.
Mutt would have liked to have lived to see the day when he saw the very first intergalactic species, but he was too young.
It was about that day that she finally said goodbye to her husband and child.
The moon was half a sphere, but the world did not know that.
The first thing my grandfather knew how to do was read a card catalogue. 
The first person he knew to be a villain was a victim, not of malice, but of fate.
The sun was sinking into the sky.
My name is Harriet Victoria, and as a result of some unfortunate circumstances I am at present to have the misfortune of having been born a slave.
The passengers climbed in through the large window, the door leading out to the upper deck.
"I'm going to kill you," said the man to the left of the window, "I'm going to kill you three at once!"
"You've got to be kidding me," muttered the girl across the counter at the resto of the same building.
Once upon a time, you know what? 
There was once a man named Oedipa.
I think I can finally make an excuse for what I'm going to do.
He never hurt your feelings, did he, Harry?
A tall, thin woman whom he called Mrs. Madd[x] had come in with a very heavy load.
I shall tell you whose story I am, if you please."
If I were afraid of death, I should have gone ahead and got sick first.
The sun was setting when I was told to have my teeth fixed.
There was a really wonderful man who sold furniture and wanted nothing to do with his business until he had made sure he could sell furniture.
You're going to have to wait until the end.
There was once a man named Gauntert, who had a favorite ice cream shop where he sold his wares.
It was the start of the long autumn, and it was warm; it was the summer solstice, and it had already begun to snow heavily.
The baby was born and it was a boy, but she looked as if she had been shot.
The sun had set for the day, when the child was to be christened.
"It's the third day since your mother died!"
This is the story of a man who lived to see a million, and who died to see one, and who lived to see another, and who died to see yet another, and who, it may please my readers to say, lived long and prosperously, and was, perhaps, by no means the last of a people, and undoubtedly was not the last of a race, though he was certainly the last of the race; as I am convinced I shall prove true, and bear record of, it will be found that, for ages past, and even ages since, and even for ages before, and even for ages before, there has stood, among men of every rank and condition, a man who has lived or died, entertainments, letters and papers; who in a way, of course, ever since he has lived, has proved to be of great value in his own land; capable of great exertion and success, and constantly above all things, honest, honest, honest, and, at the same time, of great importance to his country; among whom, also, not only have I found many who are good characters, but many who are also excellent characters; many, indeed, whom I shall not name; who have been faithful to their engagements, and have shown forth great faith and anxiety in their dealings with me, but who have been of a most unsavoury character; and, indeed, of a character which, if it is possible to describe it, I shall never write down.
I am the wife of the famous Saphirius Marcellus of the city of Degein, who, in his retirement, was already rich.
The tragedy of the Cortes of the Visible God, in which all the stars, which, like the sun, were afire, and all the stars in the heavens were moving, was written by the hero of
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"Screw that bloody name."
The rubbish incinerator spit out a squirt of pink-flavoured sludge.
"I'm not exactly sure when I first met Harry, but I always found him a bit… odd."
It was the sixth night Snape had been unable to sleep in a bed.
There is only one man I know who, having once been imprisoned by the Wizengamot, has become an exile.
"Lemony" the Hogwarts Headmistress said, near the end of the last term.
I had been calling the school "The School of Magic", and on many occasions had imagined myself to be the only recently arrived muggleborn.
Papaw eyes again.
When there was a good chance I could make my way up the stairs in a dry, dusty, and uninspiring dress, I'd grab my broom, set it on the street, and go.
The first time the old lady bought her neighbor the farm she lived on, it was to construct a house for her cousin's pet phoenix.
The rain came from the sea, with the wind of change blowing from the East.
What if there was an unending void, just beyond the stars, filled with stars no bigger than Kent, all the way to the edge of the earth, which was filled with the endless, churning heart of the universe.
"The boy," the Headmistress said, "is a fool."
The old woman sitting at the sand-and-wisteria table had been listening to the priestly discourse on good citizenship for hours.
It had been a bad day.
The Sea of Good and Evil is almost as long as the land itself, a world of darkness and horrors, of men and gods and devils and angels and devils, seeking to crush all that it does not love.
For the past six months, the death of a relative was the worst thing that could happen to me.
Let's get this straight.
I am the last living member of the fully functional expedition to the rim of the Earth, and I am going to do my best to see that the land is not ruined.
Their names were all settled by now, long before the exploration of the moon.
Four light-years away, in a city of silver star-like light approaching the sun, was a city of gold-floored marble.
My name is Harry Potter.
The happy pink girl sat on the edge of her bed, looking out at the booming blue sky.
The cat hooted and the kitten shook its head, and the rabbit looked out at the forest of pines.
The sea looked white and blue and blue and red and yellow.
I was born to die.
Every summer, my uncle J. K. Ballard comes into the house and pulls out a tiny blue box, and says, "This is a toy."
I am an average, mild-mannered man from a small town on the Mississippi, and I am writing this to tell you that my brother, Jesus, is dead.
The first day of school, I did not know what to do.
The mock places where the ship's buildings might have been found in the world seemed to me a little like phantom worlds.
I am going to tell you things that you didn't know before, and that you'll never forget.
"It is my hope that you will find these, the Book of Lists, the one which I have been reading with such interest for some weeks, and so far have not failed to produce the same result."
If you ever have the misfortune of meeting a person who is dead, and who may not have known you were dead, or may not have known you were dead and was trying to kill you while you were alive, then you will live long enough to know that there's a hell out there for anyone who does not know what that is.
Here we have her the wolf.
The boy is named Harry.
The house lies in a very open and well-furnished place, which is why it is usually the scene of great excitement, and not only at that time, but for many years afterwards.
The stars, bright and blue and golden, gleamed across the ocean as the wind blew, and in the dimness of the sky distant stars seemed to stretch their hand towards the sky.
A man was born in the beginning, and he was called Adam.
In those days there was a man who was called John, and he was a good, honest man, and a man of sense, and he knew what was good for him; and this man was called Adam, and he was wise.
The first thing I remember as I die is the explosion that is gradually becoming a part of my life.
The old man was a weak old man, but he had a good mind.
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
I was born twice: first, as a baby girl with the rise of a runny nose, and then again as a teenager, when my family moved up to north-west England.
I'll be reading this on my pillow, if you want to read it any other way, Harry.
The itch to impress was almost unbearable. 
One of the servants at Hogwarts, the most important of the staff, a tall stocky woman with grey eyes and a swaggering air, had come to ask me about my experiences.
In the morning, Hermione woke best up, knowing the first thing to do was to get dressed.
Why is my breath on the other side of me?
I ran into the room at eleven and saw that the lifeless body of a man was lying there.
The moon was rising, glowing orange and a neon-green colour, but the stars were not.
This is the story of what happens when a man with no memory of anything but the beauty of what he saw and the oddity of the universe, with no language, no history but his own, thinks he knows everything.
The moon shone so brightly I had to stand up and take a breath.
I. I, Neville Longbottom, do solemnly swear, that if any man shall hereafter knowingly reveal to any person, or any persons whatsoever whatsoever, or attempt to guess at any persons, or any persons whatsoever, any secret of my mind, or any faculty whatever, or of my life, or of the affairs of my house, or the business of my life, or whatsoever any man or persons whatsoever shall presume to put in my mouth, or attempt to guess at my mind, which I have never before spoken to that I know of, or to invent; let him suffer such privations as are beyond my capacity to bear, or any way to compensate for; and I undertake to pay such damages as I may have to such persons, or in any way to compensate for; and I further promise, that I will never reveal any thing which I have ever said, or written, or deliberated upon, or deliberated upon, or deliberated upon, nor to any person whatsoever, nor to any person whatsoever, or anyone whatsoever, knowing of, or any way to know anything of, or anything whatsoever.
The first day of his life, a man called Joe was making a match of matchless gold.
When I was four, I had a friend who had a bad case of pneumonia, and he said, 'You know, how you always have to have your own toothbrush, don't you?'
The watch was running, and the car was running, and these were the lucky times that I had at work.
The boys of the family were always as hard as nails.
I am the sister of a Doctor, so in my opinion, if any man is reading this, he is a very good Doctor, and I hope I have been very good indeed.
This is a novel, which is a fiction.
It was a terrible day in the history of the world; it was a very terrible day in the history of the world; it was a very terrible day in the history of the world, it was the twentieth of January, 1812, that a man named Dr. Sulzburg did something which did not please the public generally, and which was the commencement of a war, which it was thought in England, and in all respects agreed with the public, was an unfortunate thing.
The old lady who lived in the white house with the door leading in through the back garden said to me once, "I'm ready for the war."
The dead are always coming back for more; there's always room for them.
In the morning the sun shines on the sea; in the afternoon a ship sails through fog and rain.
When the Duchess of Marlborough died, Prince Wren of Kent was given the succession of the Spanish dominions, so that it was always in his mind that he should hereafter have a Roman Empire under his father's guidance, and the property of his great-grandmother.
It was one of the first days of winter, and there came to the Tower a messenger with an invitation to be admitted.
You see, my boy, what it's like to be a boy in a house where no one else is a boy, except you.
"The economy of the nation is a joke."
The woods were full of blackbirds.
The vultures had heard the news.
"A child named Harry, he's been serving in the cavalry since he was three, and has made a fine report. All right, that's all right. Let's go, then, Colonel."
"The final step towards the probationary state," said the doctor, "is the admission of a class of persons, in whose minds the laws and constitution are based, whose
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
Stranger on the other end of the world.
It was nearly dusk by the time Harry woke up the next morning.
In a secluded corner of the cemetery, under a big, dark wood, a young, slight woman named Noa bore the dead of the late Lord James Dean.
When I was fourteen, my aunt ran away from home—she left behind a small fortune, a small house and a pair of blue eyes, which were never the same again.
When I was eleven, I read a book written by an orphan called Veran of Godspell.
"And how many more of your followers will you have to kill before all of your plans are completed?"
The boy stood there in the dark, smoking a pipe of potpourri while his father leaned over the parapet and whispered, "Return with the other two buildings."
When the first winter rains began to fall, the family which had been living in the old town had to abandon it almost before they had built a house.
The sands of the Lost City lay still and warm beneath the feet of the ancient emperor of Light, who had first settled among the peoples of the west at the entrance of the desert, though he had never before made an expedition to the west beyond the Archipelago.
I have now succeeded in giving an account of all the incidents connected with the conception and execution of the *Triumvirate*.
It was four o'clock in the afternoon and the music was booming.
The great wagon came up the dusty road toward the settlement of Caladan.
In the garden of the house in the neighborhood of the sea-yard, which is named on the genealogy of the Arabs for its great ocean-gates, there lived a beautiful lady, who had, during the queen's reign, been called to that office by the name of Danaia, though she had never before been called that.
The fire burned bright and the air was yellow with smoke.
"Oh! A lovely day, the sun shining brightly. The roses blooming, the trees flourishing, the silver-white birds soaring high and white in the blue sky. Fleeing, fleeing."
A waitress accompanied by a waiter brought the bill of fare to the counter.
I stood in the tiny kitchen of my little red house in the farm-house on a cold, wind-blasted February day, looking up at the stars above and counting down the days before my health would fail me completely.
I have spent much of my youth and childhood in the small town of Box, Michigan, population 10. I have always known what it was like inside, for my father, Isaac, never was a particularly wealthy man.
On the 6th of September I was married to a woman named Samuel Clarke, who was an old-fashioned, conservative old-earth woman.
The clouds over the sea of Cathay are black and so is the sky over the island, and this is a bitter-tasting air for me.
The ancient empire of the Gods of the Sea is rounded, like a large, flat, solid body.
The dead gods of old have been killed or buried, and the final steps have been taken toward the creation of the great and wondrous world.
That dark, haunted house in the neighborhood of the church, which is called the "Church of the Sea," was once the residence of the Ghedion family.
Only the dead still live.
The dry, gray, slight lines of the Mississippi are a strange image, but one that is utterly incontestable.
That last day of the year, which was remarkable for a few very particular and peculiar particulars, is the day on which my name is finally published.
It was a beautiful day.
This is a story about a little boy named Ethan Atherton whose life is changed forever by the terrible events of 1804.
It was a great day.
It was a perfect Sunday morning and the saints were sleeping.
The sun rose from its usual sultry, barely clouded, very early afternoon sun.
This is a story about a little boy named Ethan Atherton.
It was a beautiful day.
They called him "the eagle," but Ethan Atherton did not know that.
The night was like a dream.
The palace was defined in the last-mentioned way by the presence of a certain number, already known to the inhabitants of all the provinces in which it stood, of whom none was more conspicuous than myself.
The room I was called into was remarkable for several peculiarities.
About the year 1599, the first great convention of the sovereigns of the United Kingdom was held in London, which began with the publication of the reign of the late Henry II.
It was a bright, summer day in January, when Elizabeth, the widow of Henry, was practically engaged in the life of a
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
Aragog is dead.
The ghost of the young woman with a pillow case on her head towered over the room.
I had rather sit on my deathbed, however hard it might be.
"I don, in the name of all that is good and holy, and all that is true and right, consent to die, my lord."
He has grown old.
A metropolis is dead, despite what the papers would have you believe. 
The day I found the real world was my first day on the moon.
Dumbledore sat down in the stands of St. Mungo's's and stared at the flashing lights of the show.
The holocaust ended, finally, only because the gods of death and the dragons of the sky finally agreed to blow it all up.
I feel familiar. 
The Mercedes was pulling away from the motorway junkyards.
Nothing drives faster than fear, fear of death.
I was born in the year of the cow, in a village where every spring morning the cows would be soothed and fed and the lids of the flowers turned black with the damp chill.
The beach is clear.
I had intended to write a letter, but everything bad in the world had happened before I had dinner with Miss Etheredge, a curious coincidence, if you like, in the middle of one of those endless, tiresome literary madhouses, where the sole purpose of any work of fiction or play is to please a certain number of people, and you grow tired of hearing about the monotonousness of it all, and you want even more than that.
"I am going to be late, gee-hee."
I have written quite a few lines in the last few weeks, but I have never written them quite like this.
The little girl was crying and screaming and swearing in the middle of the ferry. 
It was a sudden and dreadful wealth of good fortune; but it was not all in her favour.
We're in the wood, and you know it.
The great river that ran through the heart of the land, that flowed through every small town, city, and farmhouse in the western region of England, carrying with it its fair trade and its bounty of booty, and those gunpowder mines that it had in its neighbourhood, and whose enormous treasures were constantly being brought home by ship and shipped to the great sovereign sultan-marshal of the country, whose name was Sultan Peter the Strong, and whose throne was at Quatre-Carrons, at the end of the Thames, in the neighbourhood of the river, which, in its course, and direction, and in its course from the south to the north, and in some words, in its course, and in its direction, and by what means it was carried in those directions, it will be well known to all that know the will of God, and by what means it was carried, and by what means it was transported, and which means and ways it was carried to that place, and which way it was carried, and which way it was carried, and by what means it was carried, and which way it was carried, and by what means it was carried in the direction of the river, from whence it came; which directions and directions it was carried in, it will readily see.
It was one sunny afternoon in July, in the midst of the great city of Paris, that the Hon. the Earl of Chequer, Lord Stroud of Northampton, on the 5th day of July, 1590, passed the following sentence into his purse:—
The sun rose slowly, as if it had been waiting for a long time for the report of the end of the world, and for the least possible inconveniences arising from its absence.
This story, which is not intended as a romp in the labyrinth of the brain, and which, for the reasons already stated, is not intended as a series of adventures, but only as a travelogue, can hardly be called "the miracle of the inexplicable."
All the boys at school were playing football, and if they had any brains at all they would have seen that the game was going on, and that Mark had got absolutely carried away already, and was striding round in his own personal circle, trying to be the best, and failing utterly.
As I left Dover and northwards towards Darlington, and came round to the last village in the Strand, I passed through a large area of country, called the Strand, which was somewhat like a large and well-distributed village.
The rain came up in puffs in the late summer sunshine, and my hands were wet and cold.
The ending of the WAR OF THE STOSS was the end of the day.
The man who was now Captain of the Royal Navy, and who had been
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
Dear CarraLen.
I was in a field of glowing jungle.
It was hard work and there was always more to do.
I couldn't be the only one to have heard of the Sphinx, but I wasn't the only one to have seen it. 
"Hello, David," said the voice at the end of the hallway, not calling back to me but just calling out to me.
They said there were three kinds of death – the killing, the mortifying and the desperate.
I am writing this story because I believe it to be true.
Voldemar could no longer bear the sight of the dead, and when he saw them, he wished only to touch them, to feel them, to know them intimately.
I waited until the sun rose above the trees for the morning to begin writing.
The light and the air of the stone streets of the great city of Pottawattamma had been dark for some days.
In a waste of ground between the rivers, on the western bank of the Ganges, lies one of the most beautiful districts of the state of Tamil Nadu, where, to the north, the sea to the south, Britain to the east, and to the west, the green fields of the wilderness lie in shadow.
Now, the place was, as I told you, on the Atlantic side, in the waters that ran beneath the sea.
You can't make a living playing card game. 
The boy seated at the entrance of the little house had not been awake for more than ten minutes when he was informed that there was a young lady waiting for him.
Amy and her cousin were having lunch at the upper end of the city.
The sun is brown and leathery, the sky blackening, and the streets of Hiroshima in shapeless silver.
It was the afternoon of a warm summer's day, and the street in front of the brownstone where they were living was deserted.
Several hours before he died, Daniel Carey had written to his sister:
I had a dream.
It is a single room in a four-room apartment in the west part of the city, at the end of a winding, cobbled street that cuts through the congested city of the south.
On a winter's day in 1871, a Sydney boy named Daniel Caius Clark was hanging over a pile of bodies that had been dumped in a field near his house.
The first time I saw Lady Mary Fairfax she was in a corridor of the saloon of the house on Heffernan Street, in the midst of Barnes' Market.
From the time I was five years old, I have been told, the world has been full of wonderful adventures.
There are only two reasons for you to go to school: to learn something about the universe or to learn something about yourself.
In the museum of ancient things, high above the city, the great city of Diagona, the young queen lies, her body neatly folded in her lap.
My parents had just got married.
It was a wet, gray, frequently frost-bitten Monday afternoon on the last Monday of May.
It was a wet, gray, always cold Saturday morning in October, that I decided to go out on a limb and go for a walk.
It was an unremarkable day at the turn of the century when the light of day and the bubbling of the sea caused the accidental discovery of a new planet, named Ganymede.
How many bodies of water can there be in the world?
It was a late afternoon when Tom, in his pajamas, put his head out of the window and stood on the edge of the park.
The afternoon sun, rising from a clear sky, shone on the white marble steps of the steps of the South Station.
It was on a summer day in 1795 that the world was well-nigh brought to an end.
It was on a warm October day in 1787 that the scene of the great schism of the Church of England was set.
The wizard, Lord Voldemort, was not the sort of person you might expect to find at a gun show.
The snow lay thick and heavy around the base of the mountains.
The antique raven with which the little housemaids had cast a delighted guess at the location of Mrs. Pottawatomi, a relative of the Harry Potter family, was now perched on the masthead of the silver boat that carried her to the small town of Bucklemore.
You know that when you're driving down a snow-covered road, that no matter how many times you turn the wheel, it always keeps going in the other direction?
The place was quiet. Not at all.
There was a man on the bank of the Thames, carrying a dark-coloured book.
The
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"Good morning, Professor. . . . I'm going to be late for my final exam."
"What?"
"I've been trying to get you to answer the phone. . . ."
"We'll be there in ten minutes."
"Professor . . . . Well, you're going to be late. . . . unless you're the one hot girl who can't keep a secret."
"Mmm, yes. Good morning, Severus. The air is clean, the water is clean. . . . Except for three ants, there is no fire."
"It is always the same. One day you wake up with a terrible headache and you know there is nothing else to do but lie there on the cold stone floor, staring up at the night sky."
"I just hoped you would be here, and I really didn't mean to hurt you."
"Hallo, Mr. Professor . . . . I've a ticket to the festival. . . . It's the last chance for me to see my favorite inventor and save the day. . . . Just remember: never buy anything from a boy who bought it from a girl who bought it from a boy who bought it from a girl who bought it from a sale. No, we don't do that. Never. Ever."
"I'm not sure I know what I expected to find in a house of Literature and Art--a well-furnished house, together with a library."
"I have absolutely no doubt whatsoever that you are an exceptionally intelligent, cultured person. All because you have done a good deal of reading and writing in the last ten years. I know I've read plenty of books and articles, but I was never able to grasp what a great deal of something is. For example, there's an old saying that the most intelligent person in the world is the most drunk, while the most intelligent person in the world is the most sober. Now, you would think that there would be a certain standard of humor and wit, and once you understand that, you'd be able to cope with the information you're reading--like a real writer. I don't know what you're talking about--you know it doesn't exist. But I'm sure you'll find the thing fascinating. Now, I'm sure you're thinking that I'm saying what I'm thinking . . . and I'm actually not. And you're right--I'm not saying that I believe what I'm saying. But I know that it's the truth. I've had a lot of experience. I've been there. I was there. I was there, and I still am there, and I still am there. And I don't know what you're talking about, but it's true. Don't you know what you're talking about? I don't know what you're talking about. I can't remember what it was, but it was like a dream. There was a brick wall, but it was a big wall. There was a hangar and it had a deck. It was a nice place, and it was on a quiet Sunday afternoon. There was a house on Isley Road, north of the Church of the Holy Name of the Virgin Mary and south of the entrance to Jairus's churchyard, that I was going to ask my mother-in-law to buy me. I went to see it, and I went in on a Sunday afternoon, and I expected it would be a big house. It isn't. It has two or three rooms, and it's all one room. It smelled, it was cold, it had a cold, rickety little carriage and a raff. It had windows that looked out on the open fields and rivers and woods, but the window in which I sat looked out over the sea. I believe it was a Portuguese vessel, or it might have been a Dutch royal vessel, or it might have been a British vessel, but I don't know for certain. It was three minutes from sundown until the sun came up, and it was dark, and it was about half past eleven. The moon was shining brightly, and it was an extremely hot day. It was a lovely, serene, always quite quiet Sunday afternoon in the year 1822, and I was sitting on the bench by the train station. I told the story in the best possible manner I knew how, and I shall never forget what I said. I am no longer here, and am not likely to ever be again, from any cause whatever. I have spent my formative years in the service of science, whether in the practice of medicine or the pursuit of art. I am well versed in all subjects within the scope of science, from the first principles of physics down to the development and perfection of mechanics. I have gone through all that there is to do in any branch of science, such as optics, microscopy
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
Why must I go on writing about my life?
I was going to go out to the Grand Canal Dock to see what the fuss was all about.
It was only one of those nights when the only thing you had to fear was death, but you could also be quite certain it was coming. 
"It's a pity to see your head, my wife, all throbbing and squirmy, your eyes so half-closed," said Mrs. Dursley in her sweetest voice.
Long lost, centuries ago, in the past of the world, there lived a man of modest means, who never dreamed that he would one day become the father of many children.
On a winter's day in October, in a city of strange legends, the crows were singing in the quiet streets of the old town.
Mr. Alfred B. de Vea was a man of a noble carriage-like build, of eye-catching features and a manly air, with a manly face and a manly mouth, and a manly figure.
There's a mountain, and on it's summit there's a beast, and it belongs to one of the greatest and most powerful families in the world, the House of Antony the pre-eminent—the House of Edith, which there is nothing to prevent.
Half an hour before dinner time a young man was sitting on a train, leaving the old city of Rome behind, bound for the capital of a country where the gods were living, and where there were seven hundred and seventy-seven gods and goddesses.
At eight and a half past nine, the sun went down over the water of the bay, towards the tall wooded hills that separated it from the sea.
"I think we've met our match," said my friend Peter as he watched me make my way home from a lunch meeting with a few friends.
It was a cold, dark, gray day in spring, and I was in a car with a coal-burning engine.
"One of the first things you do when you become a god is suffer the least pain. That's the only way it all works," said the god of sunlight, the god of light, the god of light, the god of the eyes.
Listen to the first few seconds of the song.
We are called the People of the River.
We are the people of the River.
The past is a river, it is a stream, it is a bird, it is a man, it is a steersman, it is a shark, it is a rainbow.
"It is a shame my head is starting to hurt," said my friend Peter, who was in a rush to get to the pub.
As the sun rose, the streets were full of topless women, and the streets we had been walking in, for hours, were full of topless men.
His name was John Fitzgerald.
Bill stood in the doorway of his sister's new house.
I remember when my mother started a church.
I am the earliest member of the family whose great-grandfather was a man named Charles Charles George George William II, who came to America in 1755, and established in New York a church, so called because it was given by him by his immediate family, and, in which he was pastor, that he may have been authorized in the church, by the bishop, to baptize believers, in behalf of others in need; and it appears from the genealogical roll of the church, that his wife was named Jane, or Jane Simpson, and he entered into her with great solemnity, and without any hesitation; and he married Jane, who was second wife to a distinguished cousin, a gentleman of good position, named Charles Charles, of Wapping, who was afterwards lord of the borough of Harlem; and although he knew her to be an innocent wife, yet he tried to prevent her from marrying, either because she was under fifteen years of age, or else because she was already of marriageable age; because without his mother's knowledge, and without his grandmother's consultation, he had died, without a word from her, of an accidental overdose of opium, which he had been prescribed for his ill health.
The first thing I did was stop staring at the camera.
The universe is not so mysterious.
I was born in the year 1785, in a little place called Boston, which is here lying on the Atlantic coast, between the mouth of the river, and the mouth of the bay, called Manchuria, or the Hanseatic sea.
"Well, Mary, you've got a boy's head."
He had his bony hands and feet enough to accommodate himself to a load of cushions; they made a little coffin for him, so heavy it contained four bales of straw.
He'd never really liked fairies
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"There are moments in every known civilization when the common man should turn to one of the highest offices in the land not for his reward but for the dangerous position it presents."
The last time I saw my father who had been my step-father, he was a short, sallow-faced young man with hair like the top of his head, and a goatee as big as he was broad.
"He's not even my father anymore," he croaked.
To make the problems of this street a little truer to those I pursue upon my own account, I will relate them to you as the accounts are contained in my Diary of the day the ordinary parlour door opened, and John the day he was arrested by me, and subsequently pardoned, and James the day he was hanged.
I am riding in the night.
To my left, across the ocean, on the great City, I can see the great gleaming chandeliers of the Palace.
To be accepted into any place, such as school or college, without a letter of introduction is a very strange thing indeed.
This is the story of a man who had not forgotten how to give a damn.
She used to always say "Technology is the greatest invention of human history."
I tucked my clothes into the corner of my closet, where my father used to have them.
My name is William, and I am a man of science, and the right type of man for the scientific profession.
I was born in Volkheim, Germany, in a house on a quiet street in a part of Berlin called Staatstelle.
I am a student at the University of Chicago.
What is it, that my ears don't deceive me?
In the beginning was the word, and the Word was with God, and the Truth.
They called the Cathedral a town, and the Church a church, and the Clergy a congregation of the Clergy; but it was in that church where the majority of the people were gathered, as now, that the whole thing first began to take shape.
I remember the first time I saw Harry Potter.
The sky was gray, and gray itself was a poor substitute for sky.
I was born on a farm in the dust-strewn province of New Mexico.
"Hear me," said the little old man, "I promise to tell you all the way to the next shop."
I was in my sleep asleep and the sound of the wind woke me.
There was a girl who was born deaf and blind; and whose father, he said, was a Jew named Jacob J. Bruck.
(The first time I met the late George Cope, he was walking along the banks of the Ostrich in the same town where he had been born and high-born and had been living a long life, old and gray and in love.
The afternoon breeze was the morning air, and the cold air of the mountains and the valleys of the West soundlessly blew upon the freshly-plowed fields of the Great State of Washington.
He was a man of fifty-one years of age, but more than half a century dead, and turning over in his grave, he was beginning to remember his youth as though it had happened yesterday.
Here is where the life of a writer begins.
I met [my husband] John in a crowded theatre.
I believed my mother.
This is a story of a man and a stage. 
The day before my eighteenth birthday, my sister, Marion, brought a small black book from my room. 
The crime had never been so clear in my mind. 
The writer, then eighteen or nineteen, had been drunk with the excitement of a new life and dreaming tall. 
There was once a man who knew more than God himself;
When a man dies he truly dies. 
They began the hunt for the missing at midnight.
They did not begin the hunt for the so-called 'great criminals' until dawn, as the wind blew in from the sea.
"And I am dead. What a crummy place this is, really, isn't it?"
I am the man who wrote the latest edition of The Gath.
Wandering aimlessly, petulantly still, the Alphanist found dawn. 
On the blackened blackened shores of the bloody heart of Arx, there roamed the derelict and the abandoned, the poor, the destitute, and the miserable, all that was left of the hapless and abandoned human race, the most unfortunate and the stupid, who had been driven ever since the perfect, unregenerate creature had been driven into the desolate depths of the Gulf of Chrystie and sunk down, seething and burning, to the boundless waste of space.
The moment she
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.


"No, no, no!" barked the Gnarl, ahem, ahem, as he swished the infernal Flying Feline to and fro on the water.


"Don't kill me, I'm not your mother, and I'm not your uncle."


Snow fell dark around them as they slowly made their way from the far inmost reaches of the Badlands to the barley-growing village of the Braun family.


The sun was shining like an old-fashioned summer shine light on the frozen snow-mounds of Lake Superior.


Titus stared out at the darkening horizon, his workday just beginning.


The moon was still low in the sky and the stars gleamed white against the unmowed white grass.


All night was cold, and so terribly cold, that even now, when the sun rose to reveal the views to the south and west, the air was still as if it had never been changed by the slightest breeze.


At first glance, arriving at the station at the edge of the Badlands was as simple as stepping off the passenger ferry at Vancouver.


The stream of blood had not stopped for weeks.


The moon was fluttering in the blackness of space, the sky a jumble of light.

The boy was a child of his time, but like all true children of his time his mother died when he was eight.

It was the evening before the first sea journey of the whole voyage.

The dead are never satisfied.

I am on a mission to discover new worlds.

After the end of the War, the King of the Stone World appointed a committee of scientists to investigate the problem of the stone people.

His golden eyes were almost like daggers, darting down from the shadows, watching them through glittering, emerald-glittering eyes.

He stood on the deck of the ship as the sun sank into the, an unending gaze, in which he had both contempt and fascination.

Until the end of my life, the only person I would ever do anything to please was my husband.

The first breath I took after waking was one of complete terror.

My father was born on a summer's day in 1829, in the town of Milton, in Berkshire, a poor, working-class, trade-robber-in-need of the North- West Coast.

The first time I did something to screw up the world was when I walked into a police station.

In those days when the sun shone on immense, all-embracing forests and rivers, the little country of the Rockies was a lush, green-girt land of vast prairies and lakes.

For all his rambling, Harry Potter was a lonely child who had no friends, no girlfriend, no home, not even his own name.

The clouds were all white and black, the sky was all clear, and the world was as clear as a crystal clear blue sky.

The sun rose earlier that day than usual.

I was standing on the balcony of the carriage, gazing out across the country at the countryside of Cornwall, when Mrs. Mowbray, who had an innocent, if eccentric, streak of ladylike air, stepped out of the cottage and into the street.

He was sitting on the porch, listening to the birds sing in the wind, and saluting the sun rising in the forest behind the house.

The history of the world is a curious thing, for I know nothing of it except what I have heard said or read.

"There's a girl in your room, a bit older than you are," said the maid to the door, as she opened slowly in the dim light of the London morning.

The salary-office was filled with people: prelates, or rather ministers, of various countries, waiting to be paid their proper dues.

To my surprise, my brother had gone.

Not long ago, my mother would often tell me that I must write down what I was going to do.

As the night sky began to darken, I was awakened by a sudden chill.

I have buried a man.

There is a story for yesteryear.

I can remember clearly the first time I realized that I was not what I thought I was.

I had been privileged to spend the summer of 1882 in London with my uncle, Mr. Robert Bitter, at a time then known as the latter part of the first world war.

I loved my aunt; I still loved her.

The air in the room in which my aunt, before every other girl in her family, had been married, was of a clear, clear water, free from the mists of the
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. "But… Harry, could you do a little more math? I mean, just a little bit. Maybe really a lot. Wow, that's a lot of algebra, but I don't think anything in math is going to be very different if you took a very dim view of the power of anagrams!"
Hermione leaned into the glow of the fire, her hands clasped behind her. "It should be fine, Dr Sandor. I know exactly what I'm doing."
She was standing on the bank of the river, watching the sun rise above the isle of Choire Immense.
The tent was only outer walls, but the smell of the forest was apparently even stronger in the house.
Harry snorted. "Hey, Maurice..... you keeping up, Johnny?"
The rhythmic breathing of a train was like a dying star.
Stabbed his forehead. "If this is the road to the grave, I'm gonna have to piss in your grave."
Lord Voldemort, the apothecary of death and the patron of the Death Eaters, had been dead for generations, but had survived the Great Tombs of Egypt, the Pyramid of Cheops, and the great pyramid of Inventia.
The great castle of the Dursleys was once a large castle, but by the time Mrs. Dursley had it in her will it had shrunk to a single house, the very one it had been originally situated in.
The village of Sophra was a very small and isolated place.
From the time of it's beginnings to the time when Victoria and her heir, the Princess Mrs. Victoria, died, the story of the Tudor house has been told in many different ways.
"I am the house, the palace, and the palace of my father, the sovereign, and my mother.
The walls were blackened by the fire; the windows were boarded up; and beneath the dark wooden stairs several yoke-footed young people were crouching and shivering, as if they had been stabbed, or robbed.
On the first Sunday in June, 1699, a commission was appointed by the Queen to remove the burden and expense of a journey from the time of the introduction of the sitter-in-chief, to the time of his departure.
The land, as I have heard it supposed, lay across the ocean in an intermediate state of water, and was under the dominion of three nations, in whose territory it was not within the province of the common law to settle.
In this story the budding romance of lute and lyre is boosted by the possibility that love may, someday, be found in the long-forgotten homeland of the Hohenstaufen.
As I stand before you, I must first of all confess that I am no ordinary person.
Today I will tell you everything I know about the world.
When we first met my wife, Madam, she had never seen any men.
My name is Edwin.
It was inevitable that there should be war, however mild or subtle; indeed, it was inevitable that there should be war, at any rate, if such a thing as war had ever existed.
The bootprints of the fallen walk the earth.
I knew immediately that something terrible was coming.
It was the very first winter that my husband and I lived in a house, and my father-in-law's house.
In any other part of the world, the daughter, if she were younger, would be a hundred years old, and her name might well be Mary Wollstonecraft.
The moon was on fire, and the sun was truly a star, rolling and shining like a gigantic flower.
I was born to be a pain-maker, and to be a man of action.
It was a beautiful day, and Mary, in her 40 th year, was walking in the palace garden when the water droplet that had fallen from the sky the night before came in, bobbed down and out of the bush.
Rolling over in pain, nodding slowly, looking up at the tree, eyes wide and eyes wide, she stared down at the man in front of her, wondering if he was awake.
Folks, I am going to write a history of the United States.
It grew ever hotter, died, and was reborn.
The edge of the world is where the heroes withdraw when the storms threaten to overturn their ship and the death of their crew is a matter of course.
There was always a girl named Anna.
We had five children, all girls: Mary, Ann, Mary, Lucy.
"Good morning, new master, ma'am."
We are now at the close of my second marriage, the only one I have ever known.
The castle was an eerie place.
From the day he was born, Sno could
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"I am most certainly not going to buy anything from you, no matter what you say. I doubt you have let any thought pass your mind that I might be inclined to buy a muggle invention."
The florins were in the kitchen when Harry heard the doorbell ring, and he smiled and peered into the frame to see what the matter was, but he soon realised that it was nothing more than a routine visit from a very concerned older woman who had been wishing to purchase a piece of art, and who was very sorry to see that the artist's work was not what she had hoped for.
After Burke was expelled from Hogwarts, and before he became an Auror, and before his mother became a million miles away, Harry knew that he would never be as bright as his father, and as bright as he wished he could be.
It was a short, hot afternoon at the end of August; Harry told himself, before the sun rose, that he was about to start his night shift, and change his clothes.
It was a warm, sunny day in late September; Harry was sitting on the porch of his house in the village of Sandringham, about eight miles outside of Sandringham.
As soon as she woke up, Lily sat on the edge of the bed and stared out the window.
Dr. McGonagall came into the Great Hall at least once a week, in the early summer, usually in the most notorious of schools, where there was the specter of death all around the hall.
Guilt began to creep over Harry when he was twelve.
When he was fifteen, he had a dream in which he was swimming in a vast, blue and white ocean, where vast and billowy black things fluttered gently and softly in the calm breeze.
"One minute!" said his mother, and the whole house went 'huh?'
The gap between the fingers of one hand was long enough to pass through the middle of anything, but nothing was safe for a moment.
The night was bright and clear and the moon was shining in the spring sunshine.
"Oh, Harry, it's you!"
"Potter, where has my wand gone?"
Harry woke up in bed and had a bad dream.
Then there was no turning back.
Once upon a time there was a little girl named Sophia who lived in Salem, Massachusetts.
It was the Fourth of July and the children who were playing football on the field were doing a wonderful thing.
Every day Harry had a story.
It was one afternoon in May that my mother and I were driving along the Morningside Road past the Docks, when there came to a stop before us a little boy with an unusual face.
My name is Harry James Potter, and I am fourteen.
No one ever said anything like that.
I think you'll understand.
I have a question for you.
November will be the month that all the dead will be laid to rest.
It was a dark and stormy night, and the snowflakes were falling slowly from the sky and casting a pall of white over the city of Detroit. 
He was buried in the old, deserted house in the middle of the River Mile; but though its walls were rusted and its windows blind, it was a pale pink-faced old building with a plain air of decay and weariness about it, and it was in this that the grave-digger cast his first look of terror and horror.
I will just say that the man who came to kill me is named Ainsley.
In the tomb of a Great King, there lies an infant with his mother and father.
The flood of dreams that swept over the world during the second half of the nineteenth century lifted the dead over the sea and raised the living above the earth.
It was an unusual week in the life of an English girl of sixteen or seventeen.
Mum says you'll look better tonight.
The once famous Whitechapel Hotel, once inhabited by the refined and fashionable, now stands empty and deserted.
It was a cold and stormy night.
The Countess of Pannon ruled the realm of the East in a short and guarded but imposing countenance.
The address of the little London house by the lofty gate of the park was to Jane Bors.
In the early summer of 1831, the great old Countess of Pannon was living in the vast old house of her cousin, the lady Madame Bors (the name of the owner of the property), in a part of Pannonward called the Park.
The great sea-chest of St. Mark's is a large house, built by the late Henry Woodward, of the family of John Woodward, but of little value.
That pretty little girl had been standing in the doorway all night, waiting for a man she knew very well
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
The landscape of the Dursley's house was entirely different from that of the others.
Three Yemenis, one light set and one very tall, sat in the middle of the dark room and seemed to be contemplating the question with great interest.
The wizard who had tried to kill Madam Tristram had been put out of his misery, but he had not been without a struggle for days; he had actually considered himself unlucky.
Harry was beginning to get worried about Professor Diagon.
Once upon a time, long before the war, one man dreamed that the first person who successfully established a government of the earth was an innocent girl.
"The moon's in the sky.
"He is three paragraphs inside my head.
The golden door was the only light in his room, but he knew he must get out if he was going to live.
Harry sat down by his desk and leaned over the top of it.
It is said that revelation comes to the wise man through the seer, but in truth that is exactly what happened to me.
He had always liked magic.
Harry was a born to try and figure it all out.
I'm a model citizen.
The Smiler noticed the ship in the night.
The sun was rising, but boys were already starting to wake up.
I have always been fascinated by language.
Why are we doing this?
They slouched, then grunted, then fell.
Somewhere down the coast of America, there is a castle that is simply called 'the castle' or 'the castle-house'.
The building was wide and ugly; enormous, and redolent with blood.
"How can you stop me?"
There was a man standing there, looking down at his hands in the air, as though he were in a hurry to do anything.
The inquisition had been successful.
Muse had been at his ower far out of town for a long time.
I used to love playing with my mother.
The cold winds began to blow, and it was better then it should have been, or at least it should have been then.
In one of the toughest places I have ever known, I sit down with my wife, Jackie, and my daughter.
Rose had been driving for days, but the salt air had no doubt made her uncomfortable. 
The first thing I remember about the hunt is the tears.
The little boy shot a rabbit.
The hunt was considered a good business.
The boy came on slowly, but he was vigorous and determined.
I never thought I'd be able to write a fantasy novel, but I've been dreaming of all kinds of strange things, and now I can admit to having dreamed up a very strange story - as a poor little boy I had my own little fantasy world, and in this old world I lived, I was able to do what I wished; a very extraordinary thing indeed.
The world was small, and very strange indeed.
The poor little girl, however, was in a lot of pain.
I was born in 1884.
The bustle of the streets, the scream of the evening wind, the roar of the crowds, the squeak of the Dole cabs, the roar of the armies of the Tri-West, and the din of the city streets are all alike to me, as though I had been watching over the whole scene for some days.
"I can't believe we're in love!"
"We're married," said the strong and pretty woman, "and we're going to make another child."
"You've got to be kidding me," said the man who'd been in her life the whole time.
It was sunny and cold and beautiful.
I have a feeling that my mother says something incredible.
The elder man in the house knew how to get his mistress pregnant; but his mistress wasn't exactly what he had in mind.
I will not, my dear, be drawn into a quarrel with my mother, or I will turn away from her in spirit; but I am not ignorant of the pleasure that may be derived from it.
She came in a beaten and battered carriage and was carrying her man across the country.
I hope I have not offended you in any way by writing any of these lines, as it would be difficult either for me or you to know what I mean.
Far away, far away in the vastness of space, the settlement of Ploughheaster lay in the midst of a patchwork of marshes and marsh.
We used to live on a farm very near the sea, and there we had a fish pond, where we caught and drank fish, and ate bread and cheese, and baked goods in a nice and healthy warm environment.
Father and mother were sitting by their little fire in the middle of the night,
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
. . . This is how it ends, Scorpius Malfoy.
Doctor Wavell, TV physicist, AMOL the Martian, space explorer, hero-and-heroin-in-the-hands-of-a-constante, god-of-the-Treasure, light-years from the dead end of the universe, was sitting on the edge of his bed staring into the distance, fingers curled behind his head.
"Mione, what's this whole thing?"
. . . My name is Professor.
Go for it!
It was an ordinary Saturday evening, the first day of class.
I would like to thank the following sources for their assistance in preparing this short text:


Note: This text is not for children or adults only.

. . . except for an occasional nip.

. . . I count now as a handful a hundred and thirty-nine.

. . . and counting.

. . . and counting.

. . . still constantly clapping

. . . looking up at the ceiling, wishing I had more tits than that.

. . . but I will not stop until I get my way.

I am a transvestite, fetishized for my body.

. . . my calling is to entertain the highest possible level of sexual arousal.

. . . the time has come.

The moon is floating in the sky.

The ship-captains had been discussing the situation for some weeks, all the while wondering how to get ahold of new recruits.
1. Stilton Hall, on the north side of town, was the seat of the Dudley's household.

The window was open.

It was in March when the horn sounded that the Firewalker Lord Voldemort escaped the prison of his mind.

A tall, thin woman was standing before him, her hair aflame.

Constant light streamed through the Black Court, its pilgrims flocking in from all quarters.

The boy's face reflected deep within the glass.

The clatter of the carts and the whir of the horses in the fields of Hognost, along the way to the watering hole in the middle of the day, had little to do with the politician's future plans.

The sun was setting on the third day of a new year at the end of the 17th century.

A piece of parchment sat above the door of the room where Peter was bound.

"Good-by, my lord."

It was the middle of the night.

The twig-sized mouse was watching its meal in the garden, its beak pressed against the leaves to keep track of its food.

I had grown so used to having tea with my mother that when I asked her to take me to see the theatre, I thought she would know how to cook it.

"I can't believe I'm doing this to myself."

. . . I had always wondered who was in charge of the government in my home country.

. . . I had always believed that no man on earth had ever been worse than a widow.

Fat steam rose up from the waterline of the burning house as the steam engine began its slow, leisurely way towards the beautiful, quiet night-life district of the city.

The little girl had gotten up in the middle of the night and was shivering in a cold, wet place.

The bright red bus pulled up in front of the house and from the corner of the palm tree the boy's guest, a pretty little girl, stood waiting for the bus, staring at the two of them in a certain curious way.

The flying fox was dying down in the front yard of the house.

The sun is setting on the seventeenth day of a new year.

The stars twinkle widely, the evening air is full of the pleasant scent of the flowers.

The important thing is not to lose your mind, it is to find that mind, or perhaps to find you.

I never would have thought it, but now I know why.

It is foretold that the same star shall strike again in every star-city, for the same star is the same star.

I don't know what to say to this story. I have written it before, and I know how it will end.
The house was a big, old, two-room house on a block of flats in Southwark.

The bird flew down the street, high and slow, taking its time, that the fellow who could not have been more than eighteen years and not much more often might have looked upon it, or, if he had been more fortunate, perhaps been able to have looked upon it.

I am
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
Severus - the one who would be the one to find the Tiberium salts, the only one who could prove it, the one who would solve all the deaths of the now-killings - could smell the food right through the great massing of people gathered at the Department of Mysteries.
Someone was going to die very soon.
The house is not where I live, Ron said.
Mr. Ronald Mottram sat in the others' living room, rocking a double-decker bus with wheelspinned blacktop.
Daphne was in the kitchen about that time, knitting a scarf for Harry, when she noticed a shadow sitting on the table.
"Mister..."
"I am sorry, miss Granger," said the young man sitting across from her, "I do not understand any words you are saying to me."
Daphne Granger was born in 1810.
Mr. Potter was always the first to speak, and always had the good humor that had so long been missing from the boy wizarding public.
I guess you come off as very melodramatic," said my mother, in one of those conversations of the twenty-first century, "but you have to admit that actors are very charming."
I was born on a farm in the heart of the Gold Country, close to where the Gold Coast meets the Gold Coast.
His mother's face was all agony in the moonlight, and though it was a mirror-image of her own face, Harry had to admit that it was better looking than she was.
Some of us have to go.
There was a boy of eleven who had to be killed, it was said.
I can remember my mother having to take me into a private room in our house where no one but Uncle Vernon, and himself, could see us, and where I would have to be alone.
The sun was the only thing that kept the house on its feet, and it was cold and damp and awful in winter, and it was also a big house with three bedrooms and two and a half bathrooms, and a hall that looked out on a big garden, and a large open front yard that was all black with all the white of autumn and all the blue and all the brown of summer.
The rest of the meal was spent talking about the Easter picnic, and about cuddles and little things, and about the nice girls.
It was a cold, windless day, and it was almost the middle of the year, and the little girl Hermione Granger lay in bed, like everything else was wrong, and she had a headache, and three inches of her nose was already gone.
I found the book and the letter in a drawer of Harry's office, in the corner that faced the door.
The sun was shining brightly, the farmers were tearing up their fields, and I was shopping in the green of my garden, in the town of Malvern, when I noticed a small boy standing in the doorway that looked to be about ten years old.
I give you my word, Mr. President, that I will deny any department, candidate, or actionable intelligence matter, that purports to be connected with the assassination of the President.
I have always been a very little man, and this little story is no exception.
Henry was not happy, the cold night was beginning to set in.
A girl with silver hair and blue eyes, bareheaded and profoundly disconcerted, sat at a table in the dining room of the Four Privet Doves at Kensington Palace.
It had been four years since I had been with my father, and yet I sometimes thought he did not care whether I was alive or died, or whether I was living or dead.
It was a fine night for a hunting-party.
It was dark, but the moon was shining brightly, and the wood-paneled breeze was blowing light-blue and white across the wood of the open country.
The Witch of the Shires that I have mentioned had only been a woman of her word, when a magic box stood in her front door, containing a box of eleven tiny little things, wrapped in a blue and white little envelope.
I am standing in a room with two inches of mud between my feet and the door-frame.
I was born in the city of St. Pauls, where my father, John Grenville, was chaplain, and where my mother, Elizabeth, was a widow in old age.
At the end of the nineteenth century, a man of letters, or a scientist, or even an artist, who was not averse to making a living not only by science, but by philosophy, settled down in England.
The old man was dead, but the old man was gone: how could he have known that he was dead?
Master Holmes had only one goal in his mind: to
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"My friend, are you all right?" George asked as Severus watched from the corner of his eye.
"Yes." Slytherin, weeps.
"It is the night you die, I am afraid," Remus said under his breath.
"Hush," Malfoy. "It's all right, come on. Hemelo is the one."
"I have a confession to make."
"Hallelujah, Lord Voldemort, that is the sound of my heart," said the great wizard.
"You're a monster, Harry!"
"Hush, James," said the gleam in Barty Crouch Jr.'s eyes as he watched the young boy run barefoot through the streets of London.
Would you please stay on the ride, or do we have to get to the station?"
Malfoy shook his head dismissively as he watched the boy drift into the station carriages.
"Not now, Gardeinschiff," said the Baron von Mainz, "you won't be needing me after this."
"That's why you're running," said the man with a straight face.
"Every day, Harry."
The great wizard lived in an era of time when heroes were supposed to die and angels were supposed to be good. 
I can still remember the first time I heard the voice of the dead say, "Good evening, listeners," or, "I'm here wherever you are," or, "I am here," or, "I'm here," or, "Hello, I'm your husband," or, "I'm here," or, "Is anyone there?"
We were driving home from the post office when into the road, out of the sight of men, we gave way to a race of furtive quadrupeds. 
"I believe we're there in the middle of the night," said the humble peddler, looking up from the tall stack of riding-trains.
"I'd bet my life I could get away with anything, but I know it isn't safe to gamble away an airship," muttered Harry as he trudged through the rush of traffic.
"I'm sorry, Harry," said the Captain of the British Navy to the admiral, "but I think you have lost the will to fight, and the only way to win is by refusing to fight."
The sun was blazing bright in the evening days of the year '13 when we sat down to dinner at the tepid house in the hamlet of Longbottom, where the house was nothing more than a large shed on the second story. 
The girl was a child of eleven, and was sleeping with a boy of eighteen.
Astonishing things are written of the human mind, and of the very nature of things, when they are regarded with the most minute attention--the spirit of foolishness, or the foolishness of the mind, or the objectivity of mind, by the simplest people and the most simple minds.
He lingered in the doorway, watching as the couple walked in.
Mr. and Mrs. Haversley were well known to the law-house crowd of the city of London.
Quid de dissertio, quid dicitur scelus, quid artitatis indicitur?
The lion's teeth pushed up into the air, and the rabbit's legs snapped free from the ground.
"He's gonna kill me!"
I could see him sizing me up from the corner of my eye.
There was once a king who had more than anyone else in the land; and he was called Reckoner. 
Every winter, the town of White Harbor, in Suffolk, where I grew up and which, on my father's death-bed, I now visit, had a sort of ghost town before we had our first child.
"'Where's the mud the horses are singing in?'
An eagle perched on a bluff in the middle of the picnicking grounds of Rowan.
We were all alone.
The foursome walked through the park in the evening, and came out to the clear, deep blue waters of the river. 
I asked Mr. Lucas for a free copy of the dictionary, and he gave me the manual.
Mr. Timothy Stewart, late, ill, and forgotten, lay upon his pillow in his home, on a rich and comfortable estate, in the parish of St. Mark's, in the neighbourhood of Malmesbury, a warm and pleasant month, though the weather becoming increasingly disagreeable in the year that followed.
The general, in the summer of my Lord, 1623, who has been called the great Henry, by the Earl of Essex, because of the greatness of his reign, or rather of the army of the emperor, has caused a quantity of discontent among his soldiers, and distinguished men,
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"Here's the thing, Professor," Ron said. "Straight haired, scaly-looking human. How makes you live with a soul like that, anyway?"
Harry had been the only one alive on the day the sun rose, and the rest of the world was beginning to wake up.
As the story of the life of the great wizard begins, we should recall that the man who first wrote about him, a man called Sir Walter Scott, is dead.
She was facing away from the screen on the golden-tufted hill that bounded her sea-walls, and the sunbeams streaming across the black sand stilled as it was.
The death of Lucius was not a happy one.
I don't know how long it has been since my sister came to visit me.
It was July 23, but the cold air was heavy and we were picking up the pace on the road back to the house, when I whispered: "There, now you know everything."
I was born in a town known to my father as Birtelmoor, which was on the south bank of the river, and which he called the 'Rhine'.
Sir Jimmy Noc said, "He doesn't have time to explain."
It was cold and dark and Halloween.
A man in his late thirties or forties comes to an estate in the woods with the reputation of belonging to the aristocracy, but never of a class to envy.
To start in the summer of his twenties, Harlan found himself caught in a dilemma.
Professor Darcy was one of the most famous and respected minds of his time, but he was neither a man of letters nor a man of ideas.
It was a hot night, and it was a gloomy one.
The moon shone brightly and the bells of St. Margaret's rang a few times.
The sun was glaring down on the Pacific. 
The town of New London stood on a bend in the sea, and its streets were lined with shops and houses that looked out at the sea and its jagged masts: scattered amidst the shacks and boarded houses, but not insignificant.
The late owner of the New York Yacht and Moorings, John Otho, moved into the house with the purpose of making repairs.
The house was little more than a middle-class house.
The bonfire cracked open that morning, the wind howling that morning, and the small house stood like a lone bridge that separated a swanse of pasture from the flat, rock-bound hills that were its immediate surroundings.
I've heard stories of different things.
Eddie had been very quiet all morning, but when he woke up it was to breathe the first sound of life.
You should have listened to me when I said you were going to die.
A man in his thirties or forties came to a house on a river that was looming ominously before him.
It was a warm summer's day in 1994 that Tobi stopped by the front of the morgue to ask if he should look into the morgue.
He had already seen what the power will do to a human being, or at least that's what Tobi had thought.
When he was thirteen, I was possessed by a terrible fear.
It is a rare thing, I am sure, for a man to die, but quite another thing for a man to die suddenly and to disappear without a trace.
Mora was starting to get tired of being the only girl in school.
The one which is termed the lake of the dead, along with the other, has since been called by many names, and most of these names have become quite familiar to your ears.
Minerva McGonagall had seen true horocross flying over a dozen times during her time as head of the Department of Magical and Philosophical Research, but she never imagined that one might actually be made at the end of one's life!
I have no accounting to make for it.
It was freezing cold in the middle of the night.
The clock on the wall read twelve thousand and the rain was still falling.
It was freezing cold in the middle of the night.
You can see him standing in the doorway.
The North Pole ran down the front page of the fine English magazine the Sunday Times, and it was a brilliant Sunday morning.
My father gave me a book -- a kind little book, I should have called it -- once or twice when I was very young.
In the summer of my eleventy-seventh year, I was engaged as a writer for twenty-one years.
"I do not understand you."
This is my story.
The girl had always wanted to be a detective.
The world has little that is holy, and yet is so full of evil.
My father took me
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"This is serious."
"Professor, could you tell me what's going on?"
A whirlwind of joy washed over him as his uncle took the first step of the day.
"You will forgive me if I do not begin," my father said softly.
The cage doors swung open, and took me looking up into the attic.
The widow was standing in the doorway, her dark hair up in a ponytail.
The song was only eight notes long, and its intended listener was Draco.
As the evening sun rose, we sat on the balcony and watched the bright orange boats leave the harbor.
Just after midnight, the sun rose high in the sky and burst into a final series of stars, all flashing in the little distance of the bay.
"How black is this?"
There was once, in the middle days of the nineteenth century, a woman by the name of Jane Parker.
There was once an old farmer in Oxfordshire, now dead and gone, who had lived long enough to see the day when playthings had their proper uses—when industry, rather than mere wit, was the proper measure of man's worth; when the frivolous avocations of childish boys, once well nigh spent, had in their turn given place to the occupations which distinguished the most respectable members of society; when the good sense of the courts of law had been fairly given due regard, so that many of those cases in which society had once regarded as frivolous or trivial—and this was for the most part, indeed, the case, in which the good sense of the law had not in any way sufficed, but which were, or at any rate were, fairly decided by an inexperienced judge, who was, or rather was, permitted to decide them, according to the rules of the game—such were the days of the young farmer, when, as he was often apt to say, "it was a game of chance, ye good folk" (the old farmer was well aware that what he was about to say was absolutely true)—and it was a game of chance, as well as a game of chance; for, when a man is in possession of a fortune, it is very seldom that he finds himself in possession of nothing but his own mind and the power of his imagination; but as a matter of fact, it is most often the case that he finds himself in possession of a fortune, not only owing to circumstances of fortune, but owing to the power of his imagination.
Much as happiness is indeed an evil, it is the happiness, the good fortune, which give est some right to be called happiness, and which, from its origin, is, or ought to be, the same thing as happiness.
The flashes of light in the dark of the far glen could be seen no more than a few yards away.
So at last it was, I hear whispers of men in my room, that I, who was a little over ten when the war began, had become a knave, a sissy, a disgrace to my friend and ally, Mr. Bigot.
The day was a scorcher.
Harry Potter, securing his wand from the drawers in the front bunk of the train, held it up and said, "Now, boys…," and the train pulled into the station.
What does it say in the little book about looking for the lost fireplaces at midnight and putting a pin over the lamp?
The silvery, lustreless dress, which he had bought for £20, which he had made himself and which the poor man had thrown away because he had no more money, gave him extreme suspicion of that madwoman, who was either a prostitute or an insane person, but he did not like either of them.
Leela! you're old.
One evening after having been married and having three husbands, Mr. Holmes, Dr. Watson, Mr. Thomas, and Miss Mary both dying, and the last of them being Holmes, having become exceedingly worn-out and overworked, and having no unaided hand or mind, was sitting by the fire, thinking of some great object, and began for some considerable time to think of a great wife.
When I was a boy my father, who was of a family of physicians, always had a large library in which he kept all that he had learned in his medical profession, in addition to all the books which he had in his room.
In the year 1875, one Samuel Lamb, of Watmare, and one Sarah Linnear, of Statherby, from the parish of St. Mary's, Auld, in the county of Essex, in the year of grace, 1 August 1825, died.
"I am not quite sure I like what you are doing, professor," said the girl, "but does not it please you that I have been permitted to do so?"

====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
Harry stood up in the air, wobbling slightly, his eyes fixed on the sky, where a grey mass of rock lay just below the earth's surface.
"I want a murder-by-magic gift." —The poem by William Blake—
For thousands of years, knowledge of magic had been lost to the muggle world—lost forever, if you will, to the it that had reached out from the north, and then had ceased to do that.
The clock had not started to tick down when I discovered that I no longer had to stay at Privet Drive.
Let me be perfectly clear—I have not come up with a new plan.
The moon rose in the dark of the late night.
The Sun was still high on the horizon, but it was already clear that the winter was coming to a close.
I would not have it any other way.
Jack had brought home three sets of glasses and a large enough bag to keep them all, an obvious precaution since there was no way of knowing what he'd be up against, especially when he wasn't simply playing chess or poker or bowling.
It was around eleven o'clock and it had been almost two months since his mother had died—three, in fact, if you include the time he'd spent in temporary hospital and the time of great pain and suffering he'd been through.
The night his mother died, I was coming home from dinner with my sisters and older sister-in-law from our house in the valley, who, I may say, were rather old, but after all the years of isolation, they were of a kind which is not easily forgotten.
Porter, the waiting-room attendant, had always been a beauteous nuisance.
I had just finished my education—my genius—and aware of the necessity of starting a new life, of having brought whatever happiness I had acquired into a new world, that is, in a new place and a new country, before I was thirty years of age, and had come to London, because that was the place where I should begin the long and difficult affairs which I now pursue.
We were sitting by the window of the cottage floor, looking out on the garden, when the knock came at the door.
If I had told you all I know you would've believed, you wouldn't believe me.
I can't believe it's a dream I'm having, but it was one of the best dreams of my life.
Four hundred and forty four years ago the night that the blood spatters into the sky, the third conspiracy sank into the ocean.
That's the story of the Death.
The past is my best friend.
I stepped forward, along with my companion, over the unsteep sand, and, as I did, I was struck by the coolness of the thing.
My wife weighed eighty pounds.
You're going downstairs now.
The last thing I remember is my sister's face.
Dr. William Adair Baudot first came across time travelers in the nineteen-thirties, and he believed they could help him escape from a dangerous prison.
I remember the day that I realized that there were two people really alive, and that neither of them had ever given any thought to the happiness of others.
Time makes it so that nothing ever comes to you.
"Are you really sorry, Harry?"
The man,—the person who, despite his enormous size, almost seemed to be too large—was not a man at all.
Another attempt at the story of the Wandering, which I have endeavoured to organize into thirteen distinct and independent chapters, has been published in the journal of the Institute of Magical Prose and Philology, entitled, The Story of the Wandering, and in which, first, I have tried to relate the history of the people who now make up the public at large, and secondly, to give an accurate and accurate account of all that has taken place in the course of the past forty years.
"Blake is behind the Curators' bench," said Sir Francis Jones, after examining the figures in the pale-blue vault.
Gram, the matter-dealer, was a man of eccentric habits and who, in the course of his business, had acquired a certain pretentious air of grandeur.
In the year 1791, when the house was first taken up for public use, a young man named Thomas Bligh was living in the neighbourhood of Beccleuch.
In a large room of a house overlooking the sea, near the eastern extremity of the island of Norfolk, there lived an old lady, Mrs. Pauline Cole, a widow, and with a dependency on charity.
The day was cloudy and misty--though it was early in summer, when the mist first rises.
Fayrest of the Island of Irian,
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. "It's an ugly situation for a stupid girl."
"The wizard is out"
Of all the things that we used to think of as ordinary in life, none is as horrifying to the imagination as death.
Sally Newton's first Valentine's Day came on August 4, 1889.
"Once upon a time, in a flourishing and flourishing land, there was a girl named Lucy who had a friend named Martha.
"There is a place on a very small and very remote island in the Pacific where one can go into the deepest secrets of nature and find a man who is as happy as he is beautiful.
"It's the first Saturday of January and the first man has arrived at the exit of the crowded and bustling town of Sandy Hook.
"There is a man and a woman who are living alone in a small and comfortable house in the town of Sandy Hook, on a lonely hill.
"The sex is the key to everything he ever did.
"I was born on the most beautiful day of my life, May 7, 1865, in Raleigh, North Carolina.
"On a warm August morning in the year 1891, at the age of fifty-six, Lord Mountbatten, Duke of Norfolk and Lord Executive of the Admiralty, of Great Britain, was staying at the Palace Hotel at Kensington Palace in London.
"I have lived for many years in the garden which I now call my home.
"There were once, in the year 1883, in the town of Sandy Hook, a large number of people, and a considerable number of the older people, people who had lived long enough in town, would 'sleep with whoever they pleased.'
"I have written in this notebook the story of my life.
"It was the eve of the war that I arrived at this moment in my life, and the war that I am now about to start.
"I have been fortunate to grow up in a family of detectives who have succeeded in solving many cases which people in very truth, even though they be known to all, are but too much for their small brains to handle.
"It was the first Tuesday of June, 1876, when I was born, my father was called to the office of a seaman, and was informed that his ship was to be 'discovered' somehow.
"I was born on the first Tuesday of August, 1882, on the island of St. Croix, in the interior of the State of Rhode Island.
"There was once a little town called Sandy Hook.
"It is a happy but sad fact of human nature that if you make a wrong turn you never know where you've gone."
"The storm has come.
"I have always regarded my life as a series of separate events set in a context of complete uncertainty and tragedy.
"I remember the first time I saw a girl."
"In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
"After the Fall, our world fell apart.
"And so did Jesus."
"Now, before we get into what we're going to do, let me tell you what I thought of King Lear."
"Ken, I swear to God, I never did see a train before.
"Madam, I have a question for you.
"Hush here, I'll wait on the outside.
"No point in talking."
"You want me to go into the factory and cut a rail off and make a float, to make the largest thing we can carry?"
"What, is that it?"
"Do you mean to tell me that you have written some of the best plays ever written ?
"That sight of a thousand splendid labours of Hercules attended, or perhaps attended in greater degree than the actual operations of the manufacture, the whole of which you are now reading of, I take the liberty to recommend to your consideration.
"The expression is always the same.
"You know what I like best, don't you?"
"And why do you like it best, don't you?"
"We, the people, yet have no voice.
"Alas! Mort! Alarkkaun! alarkkaun! Alarkkaun, save us from the world that is coming upon us.
"The maiden who had been in love for some days, was found torn to pieces in a fit of madness.
"The slums were tall and grey.
"It's the end of the world, we're all going to die, and when you're dead, that's the end, and when you're dead, that's the end, and when you're dead and everything's gone, then you've got to go, and so you've got to, and you know that's a bad idea, don't you?"

====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"There you are, my little one," said the Doctor.
It had been a different story.
"This is the final edition of the Hogsmeade Horror Book, revised and corrected by a professional team," said the mother of three, sitting down in a chair near the front desk of her local bookshop and reading the book with a certain concentration, though she didn't know it then.
Miraculous gods, Mr. Puss had been killed a week ago.
The vastness of space was full of light and man-made things that looked nothing like us.
A boy-who-lived was born in the year 1682.
"The village streets are almost deserted,'' said St. Stephen of the Way, and was right.
Mr. Whistler, the skimmer of the great steerscrew of the world, was going up the dirt road that led from the shore of the Isle of Wight to the harbour of Dover.
The boy of a certain age, of course, corrects the usual scale, does not include the perils of infancy, such as the dread of drowning; but there is no doubt that, all things considered, he is an individual of prodigious intelligence.
Cork is the only city in the world where the name of Master doesn't begin with the letter A.
The whole of what is known in the civilized world as the Western Hemisphere is, in fact, but the pawn of an ancient necromantic magic.
"He was one of those who, during the last days of his life, and was never heard of again, fled into the great jungles of the interior of North America, and there perished under the gloomy and deadly care of a race of cannibals," said Dr. Ketch, in a long catalogue of the frightful transactions of the last years of his life.
No man knows how many years passed during which my uncle, with a view to preventing his premature death, kept a diary, which he called the "Lazenby's Diary"; or how many years the slow and sad death attended to it, which, till its death, had left a melancholy wasting.
In the early afternoon the flat red arbor of the old lady's balcony caught fire.
I was born in a village on the bank of the river, in a house opposite to that in which J.S. Mill had his house.
After a week's journey the silver carriages moved on to the last of the distant ports, which had, as yet, had almost no trade except sea-trade and the importation of tobacco and other articles of luxury.
"Name the day," said Captain MS. Jameson.
"Wait, that's a new plot!" cried Mrs. Wellington on seeing William H. Cooper's most recent folly-and in any case the most perfectly calculated one she had ever witnessed.
It was a beautiful day in January, and the Isle of Wight, a beautiful, cool, and clear place, possessed of a very rich geographical character, as well as, perhaps, of a very wise and useful education.
"I was watching my sister's boy," said the father of the house, when, but for the unavoidable circumstance of striking his beloved infant with his hammer, he should have had the satisfaction of buying it at a reduced price.
The time is approaching the end of May.
In the year 1667, Th-beg the Raven, 14 years of age, and of a good family, having been accused of committing a most capital offense, and with the assistance of a certain lady, whom he had known before, he was sentenced to be hanged.
"Tell me, what is the use of life?"
It was my pleasure in order to ascertain the truth of this sentence, that I should serve it in a way calculated to show my approbation and respect, and the consideration of all mankind.
There was once an eccentric looking gentleman, who lived in a house on the river Thames.
The first thing you notice about a picture is that it looks like a painting.
It was a dead year.
I am going to tell you what is going on right now.
There used to be a time when the small town of Rochester, New York, was the center of the world. 
Mr. John B. Freeman set out for the farm at the end of the summer to take his share of the stock he had bought with his father's money, which, in the course of the last year, had increased to three millions of dollars, and which, at the time that Mr. George J. Heard stood in the door of his father's house, had formed a considerable material interest.
When Admiral Frank Ridenhour heard that the fleet of the ministry of war was approaching, in Norfolk, the port of Southampton, he immediately ordered its repair.
Except for a single
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
What do you think is happening now?
I never knew what to do with myself.
Part of her frown, the other, the larger part of it, moved on from that uncomfortable scowl.
I began my day, as any ordinary man would, by standing up and noting down all the facts that I knew or suspected, without any particular motive, in the slightest degree.
It's a long story, but grand is a word that's going to do it justice.
There are two ways of getting where you're going.
I take you to see some distinguished old-timer, or maybe a governor, or simply a good man, most of whom I can't identify.
A magnificent cluster of stars, almost twice the size of the Earth, rose high in the sky, like a shining city, albeit a slightly smaller and more insignificant one.
He's going back.
"What's going on?"
We are now, for the first time in our lives, in the dark, with so little light that light alone is almost useless.
The sun rose early in the afternoon, with the light of the open sky giving no hint of the day ahead.
"You've got an interesting life," said Professor McGonagall, "but you've got a lot of things to think about."
"It isn't what it appeared to be," said Harry, "and I know it isn't what you thought it was either."
"There she is," said the nurse after looking at the chart in her hands.
I like to imagine myself to be an ancient seer, the first to grasp the power of the last to the first and to the last, or in other words the first to know everything.
Most of the children in the house were asleep, or asleep at five, or waking up before nine.
You'll find a note on the door.
I find it difficult to believe that mother ever did anything so bizarre as make a man believe that he was immortal.
This is the story of how I met my wife, and what we did, and why we are still together.
"In the afterlife," the brave old ghost said.
The building is small and unwelcoming, but the people that live there know that there is a future, and they know that they will be loved and respected by all.
When I was a girl, I was very proud of my legs.
She was the daughter of Muriel Bird-Man, a great old, stout woman of seventy who lived in Philadelphia.
The chapel, it seemed to be, was the most beautiful in the city, and when I first discovered it, I thought of it as a place of beauty, and spring, and a little paradise in a very unhappy place.
"There," said I, "is what we always call London."
It seemed to me that Paris was as big as Salt Lake City.
Rarity was kneeling by the window, holding out her hands.
I was born in 1878 and I have lived ever since to see the end of everything.
Harry, post-war, had been a lifelong resident of the state of South Carolina - a state which, though not a slave state, had been forced to pay an unusually high price for its possession of a free population.
It was December 11, 1931, the last day of the year that will ever be known as the Great Depression, and the stock market in the United States had reached its lowest level since its inception.
The man who had the audacity to call himself a philosopher was your average, middle-aged heterosexual male.
He was tired of the world.
The woman who was once your cousin is now your sister.
You'll find a note on the door.
I'm going to tell you something I've always wanted to tell you, but haven't been able to because I ran again and couldn't stop thinking about it.
In this story, there is no love lost.
There is no escape.
"I am not here to argue about anything."
You are not reading this.
The first time I had the idea of writing a novel, I was having tea with my aunt and her husband at the 29th floor hotel in central London.
The black-and-white stream that gave its name to the river we called St. Stephen was taking its turn toward the Thames.
I cannot recall the circumstances of my first memory of the sea, or, indeed, in any particular way of my own life.
She had long, black hair, parted in the middle, and parted so that the neck or face was at liberty to vary.
I am going to tell you everything you ever wanted to know about Time and the Universe, and all that it has to do with all that's ever happened to us, and all that's going on in the universe.
It is the last
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"I am a female named Calvert, and I am the creator of this universe, but you don't have to take my word for it. Is that clear, Slughorn?"
It was March 21, 1977, and Tom had just finished reading the last chapter of his story, 'The Box,' when the radio suddenly cut out and a man in an old-fashioned dark suit and tie appeared and flitted through the Bellenden Forest, waving a yellow bag of sand.
"Mr. Starling's dead, was it?"
It started when a hole in an earth, about four feet wide and eight feet long, appeared in the ground, and a hole started coming out of it.
When the light was first seen to break through the brown smoke, it showed the bodies of young men, lying in a pool of blood, with their heads, ears, hands, and feet scattered across the green ground, some still clutching the limp bodies of their dead, while others were lifting them from the pool and taking them by the shoulders, or by the feet, or by the neck, or by the thumb, or by the middle finger, or shoulder, or hand, or by the other fingers, or by the wrist, or wrist, or wrist, or wrist, or by wrist, or wrist, or wrist palm.
The house was a seven-room affair, with a kitchen, bathroom, living room, dining room, and a bedroom, that had burned through the weather, and the basement.
"How many times have I told you that watching over a child is a great deal, but that crying as a mother does more harm than good?"
The first thing you know you're in a story, and perhaps you've even heard the name, 'The Mouse'.
-She was wearing the same dress, and the same red dress, and the same black dress, and at the same time she was in the same place, in the same sudden moment, in the same instant, in the same place, in the same place, she was in the same place, she was wearing the same dress, and the same dress, and she was walking along, and she just kept walking, and she stopped in a little corner (not much to go on there, there's no way to tell where exactly) and looked around for a second, and then laid her head down on the hood of the car and leaned her head against the passenger side window.
Lupus has a complicated life. 
In November 4, 541, a young man named Bernard of the Brienne family, known to his friends and relatives as the 'Little Owl', was born.
On the morning of November 1, 439, a large ship, named the Rose of Sharon, went up the river Est in the Bay of Ireland.
'I'm going to see what the city looks like today,' the old woman who was near the front desk said.
In the year of our Lord 5, 569, a tenant of a house in a village in the district of Toulouse, Louis, was walking the streets of Château-châlons, and was thought to be a very wealthy man.
In the year of God, or, rather, of the Year during which he lived, or perhaps was there, about the end of the last century, a certain young man, who, until his death, had been tolerably careless in the use of his fortune, began to be concerned about the state of his house, and lost all patience with those who prostituted it.
The weather was clear, and there was nothing to attend to, save a desire to get on with my business.
He was a gentleman who lived in a house on a pleasant but unregarded street.
The scene of the murder was very different from that of the previous evening. 
They had reached the heavy gate of the house just as the doorkeeper set it.
It was in the summer of '99 that a young man named Darcy of the Somme Regiment, or 'Highlanders', volunteered for the British Army.
"We are doing well," said Major McGinn in the commune about eight miles south-east of Paris, of his troops in the north of France.
Even if you had the strength of any man to take armed arms against the wickedness of the wicked, it would not do to go into the place of battle, for you would find those who win the day by any of the most brutal methods are reputed to have been the most amiable and amiable of all.
The last night he'd been on earth, and he couldn't believe it, Rose Matthew had a dream where she was just a girl and she was walking along in the garden, and suddenly a great wickedness smote her, and - now this is scary! - and she was flying,
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"That art is unforgivable!"
The baby's eyes squint at the yellow moon.
The castle was bright and clear and warm and safe and full of wisps of fine wind that barely ruffled the soft, gently fluttering leaves.
When I was born, my mother took me to see Uncle Vernon, the servant of God.
The blowing of the purple-flowering leaves on the sea.
"Don't come any closer," said my mother.
My grandmother had a really long way to go to reach the point when she could step into the kitchen without looking over her shoulder.
The White House was not the only place I visited as a child.
A young man sat on the doorstep of a mansion in the English countryside, sipping a red and white cup of tea. 
"I don't know who does what but it's not me, is it?"
The man in the white coat stood before the fire.
"I don't want to stir too much to the east," said Harry, "but wouldn't it be nice if you could point out the ways in which I could be useful to the Empire?"
"Mum," said Alice, "don't you ever come and get me again, ever."
In the year 1683, due to an evil innovation, a park was opened on the banks of the river Thames, known in the time of the courtiers as the St. James's Park, to house the Empress and the Queen of Sheppey.
In the year 1681, a fox, named Gormenghast, was caught on the grounds of the Academy of Art, working feverishly to puncture the central aqueduct with a large, sharp, piece of obsidian.
The island of Reven, lying near the westernmost end of the Bay of Mercia, and on the coast of a big, shallow, and sweeping bay, that is, of a bay that is full of large shoals, and of a shoal that is sweeping in the middle, which is called the equatorico-lemma, which is the equator of the earth, and that, it is easy to understand, when we remember that the middle of the bay is at a distance of some four hundred miles, and that the ocean to the north of that water is called the equatorico-lemma, which is the equator of the earth, and that, it is easy to understand; it is necessary, however, that we should there remember that the middle of that bay, which has to be called the equatorico-lemma, is at a distance of a little more than three hundred miles; namely, the middle of the equator, where the sea is as far North as the equator, or, more simply, a little more than that.
In the year 1646, the same year, was the battle of the English Rebellion and of the struggle for freedom between Sir Timothy Finch and Sir Henry Eden, of Milton, and over them was split the Austrian realm of Sobietoa, and the narrow and formidable limits beyond them were divided into a great and formidable dominions, which, though they were compact and independent, yet were well fortified, and inhabited with powerful armies, and possessed of high walls, and extensive dominions, and all the divisions of a powerful state.
"Tom," said I. "Walk, Tom, and tell us the reason, then."
There was a dead boy lying there round the fire, with his head hanging downwards, with his eyes closed.
In the year 1659, the year of the reign of the King of England, a drunken, shot-up, old-fashioned man was struck down at Munich by a single assassin, who afterwards killed him.
If we go back to the times of the great Kings and empresses, we shall find it impossible to deny that romance and tragedy have played a part, and that a certain spell of stardom, in general, has been too much for even the most distinguished and high-bred of the nobility of early times.
In the year 1746, there was a great earthquake in England. 
From the tomb of an obscure but notorious figure, the historian Reaktham, we learn that there was a certain explorer, named Hugh cairn, who, in the year 1675, went to Australia, on a voyage, which, in the course of it, he set out in the command of Sir Edwin Russell of Newmarket, of a tall, ruddy, and handsome figure, of an acute mind, and a commanding voice, with a countenance of severe and serious countenance, that met with much approbation and importunate censure in outer and inner circles.
In the year 1757, there was a great revolution in England.
In the year of the reign of Anne B
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
Such a simple mind.
Hermione slid open the door to her office.
You know what's funny?
I could have stayed six more minutes more and walked both ways.
Thought I would get over it.
He did not know it then, but he was about to leave his life behind.
Once upon a time, it must have been a very good day...
The wind howled, and that was the only sound that came out of the fifty-foot-wide canyons and the hilly hills of the Pacific Northwest.
At first, it all seems so impossible.
For a strange reason, I've been able to keep a diary.
I knew he was a bad man.
I had been thinking about something in my life for four years.
There are many writers who would do well to know the fortunes of a nation, and in their career might make a valuable contribution to modern foreign policy.
"I am going to die."
I did not know it then, but I was about to be shot.
One day, there will be too many of us, and it is a matter of constant anxiety to ensure that we do not come too late.
The moonlight was bright on the bluff.
"You gonna tell me what this place is all about?"
There's something about kneeling down in the dark and gunning your quarry down with a staff that burns your appetite for life.
First you push the trigger, and then you slow down.
There's always a way out.
I never loved anyone more than my mother. 
If all he had ever wanted was a happy ending, he would have taken it.
The sandstorm rolled through the desert.
The ashes of the Salt Moors lie strewn over the dusty sands of the southern desert of the American West.
I stood in the light, and I saw.
It's only a dream.
My name is John Granger, age twenty-one year-old.
Out on the wing of the ship that was going to meet me at the port, I was met by the most interesting and extraordinary people.
The night was cold and grey.
There was a girl, like me, who wanted a happy ending.
I was born to die. 
There's a man in the village who's got more money than all of us, but he needs a penny-a-penny lift home.
We are but the dust of the earth, and the bones of some living creature.
There is something about a dead man that makes his body speak to us; and his voice makes us feel at once like he was there.
It had been a long year.
There were times when it seemed that everything in this world was a misunderstanding.
The ice front of Apollo III was showing signs of life as the ship steamed toward the northernmost planet, the planet Saturn.
There was once a boy who was tall and lanky and had square shoulders.
"I'm New Zealand," said the chief.
In the wake of the great storm that had been the end of the world some eight years previously, a great winter of wintry winds and snow and ice, a ship of state, the Queen's Bluff, now known as the St. Pardon, carrying up to the famous port of San Antonio, the flag of the United States, the flag of New England, the flag of the Province of Connecticut, the flag of the Province of New York, and the flag of the Commonwealth of America, bearing the date of November 1, 1864, were commissioned to proceed to see the governor of the State of New York in person.
The dust is almost all that remains of the old town of San Antonio, Texas.
On the night of the fall of the third week of February, 1864, a ship of state, the Queen's Bluff, was commanded by an officer of the navy and a gentleman of the highest rank, with full military emblems, to enter the harbour of the city of the same name, and there wait for an officer of the navy, who had passed through the initiation by a military salute, and was entitled, 'Major General of the Navy,' to command the ship when commanded by a gentleman of the highest rank, or an officer of the navy, who had passed through the initiation of a military salute, and who had been duly commissioned to command the ship when commanded by a gentleman of the highest rank, or who had formerly been commissioned to command a ship of state, or to be a military commander.
This is the story of a country, a kingdom, a land, a people, and an empire.
This story is telling the story of the knife, the knife, and the knife.
My father, proud, wealthy, and wealthy, did not flatter himself with the thought of my love and admiration.

====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. It was the coldest of the months and the air was so thick with the chilling wind of winter that it was no wonder that wizards and witches alike, including Severus Snape, feared the very worst!!!
I was born twenty-four years ago this month.
As a young man, I never understood where the head of the family came from, or what led the person to be named Charles.
I never knew my father and her parents lived in a house on the corner of Eymak-Bodbury and Cumberland Streets.
You can't win a guy with his last name, and he's still got a lot of weight on his bones.
The squeaking of the engine woke the dragons, but they preferred the quiet roar of the sea below.
The moon was high in the sky, but the moon was true.
The dog stood by the edge of a deep ravine, staring out into the dark.
Children are lovely and they are always going to be, from the age of six to twelve, and sometimes twice.
These are the stories of a man who was once a great man, and who died a great man.
"Life is the story of what happens when you kill a man," said my friend, Christine, "and how you feel about it."
I remember my dad telling me once that the first time you die, just in the moment when you die, you're in an almost impossible situation, but you have to make the best of it.
The bombs, the bullets, the gas, the heat, the rain, and the wind: all of these things were inside the compartment of a car made for four people.
The door to the library was always ajar, but I knew where it was anyway, because I had been there before and felt the weight of it before I knew what a truck was.
In the end it was not the bombs that sent the dinosaurs scurrying to the edge of the world: it was the powerful urge to hoard that drove them to their ruin.
My name is Miss Eve, and I am writing this letter to tell you that I, Miss Eve, have been appointed to a mission for a certain year, under the direction of the goddess Artemis.
Hue, the town, had been for ages a sleepy, single-street town connected by a single public-house, which I may be permitted to refer to as the "Four-Folding Store."
Half an hour before the beginning of the day, the morning train pulled into the station at the foot of the West Bank.
I did not know whether to laugh or cry.
On Tuesday to-day, Mr. Bligh came to me at home with the news that my niece Miss Alice had been admitted into the College of the Holy-McPherson Priory, and that it would be five years before she would be able to see her aunt.
On Tuesday, Mr. Bligh came to me at home with the news that my niece Miss Alice had been admitted into the College of the Holy-McPherson Priory, and that it would be five years before she would be able to see her aunt.
The freshest leaves were being thrown into the general breeze, and the deserted fields of the south-west West Riding of the Duchy of Cornwall were full of talking fruit, and hopping lassoes and hedges laden with large trees, as though the whole of the island had been suddenly swept away.
The Grass is growing in the valley round the river-gate.
President Roosevelt, in the height of his powers, had been asking one question and getting another.
I am appointed in the name of the Sovereign God of the Universe, and, with the advice of the Supreme Council of the Universe, of the United Nations,—I appoint you, my good friend and colleague, to explore the most secret of mysteries, and to solve the most difficult of problems, which I have hitherto attempted to do with imperfect success.
NATO's secretary, General Claus von Bismarck.
"Mind you, Abbé, I have been informed by the Foreign Office that the so-called Barcelona Affair will cost you your lives."
In his youth, John Cunningham was a man blessed with brains, but as a matter of fact a man of very few words.
The Soldier s'allemait la main.
We had read of the crypt at the heart of the little world, and knew that it was the quiet room in which the blind and the lame hid their treasure, and that the Tortoise-cloaked Man, the Secretary of State, the King of Spain and the Emperor of Russia, were kept concealed in the lowest parts of Damascus; but we had no idea that such was not the reality.
On the morning the long-lost traveler arrived at the third gate of the sixth chapter of the Phœbe
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
The submarine sat on the side of the dock, its hatchets free for any use.
Very strange.
The night I am to die, I will write about the things I'm not sure of.
I has been a lonely man, for I have lost one of the best friends I have ever had.
The shoal of waves that formed in the channel between the island of Saphanna and the mainland of Othard had been broken only a few days before, when the life of a boy of eighteen was lost.
Logan walked swiftly up the stern and around the edge of the landing platform.
Emilie flung open the white door of her kitchen and directed the astonished man in the line to the dining room.
The verdure rippled along the shore, filling the clear waters with a scent that was almost too sweet to be real.
The village of Bishop's Gate was silent and dark, save the gong and the small beam of moonlight against the steepled doors that looked out onto the lawns.
The wood was brown; the leaves were white, and the weather was fresh.
"The young lady wants fruit, sir."
The house was on a small hill, on a little road ending somewhere in the countryside.
I would have liked to have been born into the real world, to experience the joys of love, and hear the word "listen;" but, alas! that would have made life much too busy!
NO GOODNESS IS EXISTED IN THE AUDIENCE OF THE GREAT MOVIE OR ANY OTHER WRONGLY OPERATING SUBJECT.
The great hall of the Palace of the Emerald Empress was dim and crowded, like a theater that had been emptied of its best actors, but which had become a laughing-stock for its endless succession of actors.
It was a hot summer's day.
The old lady is my good luck.
I should like to tell you that the subsequent events of the last few days have played out in a manner which you will find very interesting, but that would be pointless.
The old lady was a stranger, and a stranger that she was, if she had been anything like any other woman of flesh or blood.
The storm was beginning to subside, but it was not long before the cold walked in.
The sound of the giant bell ringing, like a bell of others, came on the primeval steam of the North sea.
In the early morning of the fifth day of July in the year of our Lord 1733, a man named Ernest Thomas Curtis been walking along the banks of the river Thames, in the company of several other persons, in the neighbourhood of a certain house, called the Mulhouse, in the possession of Mrs. Christopher M. Murrell, who, on her death-bed, had permitted her daughter, Elizabeth, to live in the room where she had been born at the time of her death.
My god, she's bloody black.
I have never seen an eagle like the one I see waddle across my roof...
He stood on the roof of a blockhouse in the north of London and looked out at the city beyond.
The cat and the boy had been divided in a single evening.
Sunday morning someone was awake, praying.
The grey days of summer swept away the last of the vast crag that divided the Orkney archipelago.
The ship's captain had such a huge view of the sea that his mind seemed to be made up of seas: the wide, deep sheets that covered the vast north and south coasts, the black, under-sea channels that ran behind and in front of the archipelago, the glen which jutted out into the horizon to give a vast, rounded and sheltered edifice, and from which the narrow, narrow passages into the bowels of the ship, lined with luxuriant heather, sheltered the crew; and the skies above all, where the blue-grey stars shone in their true blue glory, and the red stars which now flapped and twinkled in the night, of the moon and the stars, were all dreams to him.
When the golden hour for the exchange of letters had run its course and the three hundred and twenty-third message had reached me, I failed to notice that Governor William Ellyrid had been appointed captain of the whole of the expedition.
My husband was one of the first to get the call.
The carriage rolled up to the door of the Great Hall of Hangleton in Kensington, and was waiting.
The air was thick with the smell of rain and the smell of death.
The first thing to do was to get him to the hospital.
On his tenth birthday, the boy woke up in bed.
The dog is a black-and-white four-year-old English bulldog, with a
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
It's hard to believe.
The man had done it all before.
It was a cold day in September, but the streets were still quiet.
"I really am quite impressed. The twins are lucky, and the others are all idiots."
The world is a weird and wonderful place. 
It was on the day of his eighteenth birthday, in August, that Henry died. 
The planes were aloft again, this time on their 8th day of hovering.
I am really enjoying my new life, and really enjoying it. 
It was the right thing to do to go back to the crypt. 
I have always had a certain loathing of their kind. 
The dragoon, who had single-handedly taken the place of the old king, was seated in the shade of a tropical tree and thinking about things. 
If the story is true, I wish I could tell you more, but I have been told too much. 
Midway through the interview, in the dimly lit corridor of the conference room, a white-haired woman named Angela was leaning against one of the glass doors. 
The Hunter never stopped counting. 
She knew that this is all a dream, but it wasn't happening any other way.
He was an ugly boy, and he knew it, and he just wanted to be loved.
There are many things that are more important to me than my personal happiness. 
The ground beneath me was still wet with the blood of the dead.
I do not remember the last time I was in heaven.
I met my future wife, Anne, when she was seventeen years old and swimming in the sea off the coast of France.
It wasn't a dream, but the story must have seemed quite real.
It was my finest hour of the young man's life.
The room was bright and warm and airy, as if someone had just dropped a great load of lye on to the place.
The great, cavernous hall of Fortifications at Sarnath, which overlooked a great, cold plain, where the moon shone bright and the stars shone bright and the archway of a palace seemed to be a mirror-image of the inside of an adult person's body, was a place of great importance.
His father never taught him to be a real man: to be a real man, in the proper sense of the word, with a true mind and a real purpose, a man who was not only his son, but had the advantage of his family, both ancestors and friends, and an equal share of the luck and fortune which they enjoyed.
He was warm, the yellow sunflower in his hair, and he was silent all the while.
At the age of fourteen I was taken from my mother's husband and brought to a mysterious little convent in Surrey.
The little sister of a house near the bank, where I once lived, had the luck to have a sick brother.
It is a phrase which I have been asked to repeat, many times over; but I cannot say that I have ever used it.
It is a great delight to me to be able to tell the whole story of how my life has changed over the last twenty -one years.
The past is a drag-truck's nightmare. 
It was my mother's wish that she should have a sister like me, since I was born a girl, rather than a boy.
It was probably a mistake on my part to have thought that I could terminate the marriage of a man, Mr. Justice Dillon, of Colchester, who was friend with the Earl of East the Thames.
Even now, as I write, I feel immense relief and satisfaction at the outcome of my life; and yet there is a certain melancholy depth to the satisfaction of my mind, which, though it may be of the highest importance, is seldom wholly felt.
There was once a great knight, who could hardly have been older than seventy-three years, who lived in a good house, and was happy and well-disposed, no matter what he tried to do in life.
You know that if you ever read the history of the world you will find that men always succeed in succeeding, through their own efforts, the good results which are the result of their exertions.
I was born in the year of peace when a younger generation had already begun to refine their ideas of what was right and wrong; that was the year when we lay down the ancient restraints which, for a hundred years, had kept us on our own.
There are few subjects which can give more satisfaction to a traveller and more interest to a reader than the history of all the nations of the world.
A few weeks ago my grandmother made me a present of a letter written some time ago she once or twice in the year 1864.
This is an account
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. "How is this possible?"
She was sitting on the bed, looking at herself in the mirror.
It was the middle of the day, and warmer than it had been in a while: since the war, the temperature had steadily dropped.
The moment he'd given approval, the Healer had rushed to arrive at the Ministry.
Water, fresh as a daisy, glittered on the floor: it must be the best that ever alighted on the earth.
The last of the bloody Hunts had returned, and the sun had set, when the sirens blared like a hundred thousand birds.
She seemed to be having fun.
"I'm going to write a novel."
It was the morning after the Navy Academy had been reduced to ashes.
"Now I know what it's like to be paranoid."
Ezra was an apprentice to the greatest medical man in the world when he came to the Yard as a gentle visitor.
Every morning the oldest of the four sisters, now teaching in High School, walked to the house where they were to make their morning tea.
I met my husband, Matthew, at a bar in New York's East Village.
The city of Cressano lies between the Solent and the Lutidora, in the valley of the Tay rivers.
One day I was walking home from the library, when I caught sight of a young man standing before me.
He was sitting in the barn, looking out over the field where his father had once settled cattle.
I was out late in January and I came home and found my wife dead.
For many years I had the misfortune of meeting an appointed companion.
Mrs. Linton was the only child of the family of the newspaper-man, who was neither a clergyman nor a minister.
The houses where I lived or worked had all the characteristics of isolation.
The village of Summerhill, in the country of the chronicler, lies about an hour's drive west of the Cape.
The English are becoming alarmed with the rising tide of piracy.
I stood on the way from the station to the house when I noticed someone going up the steps.
I had a dream.
There was once a man who was always happy, and always happy in his dreams.
She was a woman, I think, but who was not.
"I'm going to be an always-inside-my-head girl," my mother would say.
It was morning and there were the usual things to do, such as brushing teeth, finishing homework, or the like.
The world is vast and dark and full of stars.
"I think it's a good idea," I say.
The farmer was driving up the hill when he drove his horse into a deep ravine.
The streets of Lavenholm are quiet and clear but the air is full of the wind of winter.
I was born in town and from a good family, but my father was an orphan.
He stood at the crossroads of a pleasant, weather-beaten street in the rolling plain of the Lincolnshire West.
The great mottle-white head of a man, followed by a broad, dark-cheeked face, and wide, shining eyes, usually kept its majestic aspect under a cloud of heavy, airless air.
In his first visit to England, Abraham Lincoln, the President of the United States of America, made a detour to Northland.
The first time I saw my father tell the truth, I was eight.
I am now ninety-one years old and I have been through many a bad year.
The precious little circle of my soul, and often my life, has always been a sphere around a certain calendar, which I use to measure the time since the death of my father, and the time that I have known him.
I have been asked to inform you of an unusual and dangerous curiosity which, though it has been years since my father died, has come upon me at last, and which he, Mother, and I, have been obliged to keep a great deal of in our household.
I have been asked to inform you of an unusual and dangerous curiosity which, though it has been years since my father died, has come upon me at last, and which he, Mother, and I, have been obliged to keep a great deal of in our household.
Japheth was the youngest of the three children.
In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth.
On the evening of the sixteenth day of July, 1872, my uncle Emma slipped me into the house.
"Put down your pencil and write!"
When I was born, my father, who had been a ship's steward in the navy, had removed to Spain to sell his ships.
Why a month before he died, I was
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
When he was thirteen and had left home for the first time, Harry Trelawny found out his father was possessed.
"You must be a very big man," said the old man, holding out his hand. 
"It's a shame you have to leave," said Harry, pulling on the sleeve of his 'Harry Potter' t-shirt.
"I don't like it at all, but it is what it is and it's what my mum says," said Linda, looking down at her twenty-pound black cub and the three rooks in their cages.
"It's the best place on the island, as far as I know," said the girl in blue.
"It's like coming home," the giant told him as they pulled into the driveway. 
"Which is the island?" Harry said.
"You're lucky you're not dead, Harry," said the old man.
"Yes, I am beautiful, but you guys haven't really got it yet, so you might as well get used to it," said Harry.
"We're in a bad spot," the girl in blue said.
The chandelier at the end of the hall swung open, and the moon shone through the blackness. 
"Oh, you're beautiful," said the girl in blue.
"I am."
The tiny bird was lying there, its wings open, licking its wings. 
There was once a boy named Harry Potter.
Conjoined Twins stood by the bank of the river, their faces hidden beneath their braid.
There was once a young girl named Winnifred Smith.
"That was the nicest thing I had ever heard of," said the doctor.
"Hey there, Mage," said the old man.
There was once a boy named Harry Potter.
Possibly the most famous name in the world, though by no means the most famous person in the world, was Harry Potter.
In the year 1576, the writer (and prefect) Benedict Arnold, wrote a novel which is best known today by the title of 'Dracinis and Martellus,' or 'The Elder and the Young,' or 'The Sorcerer and the Sorcerer.'
"You know that's a bad name," said my mother, "because you say it once."
"What is it, Jose?"
There was once a boy named Harry Potter.
There was once a boy named Harry Potter.
There was once a boy named Harry Potter.
I was born in a house of like freckles and pimples, on a homestead so low in the earth that it was as though one had arrived at the bottom of a centuries-long sea.
Nothing ever goes out of shape.
I was born in a house of like freckles and pimples, on a homestead so low in the earth that it was as though one had arrived at the bottom of a centuries-long sea.
When you're six years old, no one will ever tell you what a bad idea it is to be born a girl.
You are a moron, Mr. Frank.
There was once a town called Bloom, in a county in New York, not far from the state of New York.
I was born in a house of like freckles and pimples, on a homestead so low in the earth, that it was as though one had been passed through a series of fires.
In the summer of my tenth year, I was out at the park with my sister and her friends, playing football with my sister's friends, when a car drove up to the front door of our house and stood there for a moment, looking at us.
I've already given your country a bad name.
Tom, the cousin of Jonah and Kay, the wiseman of Oah, knew a certain Mr. Weiss, who was a preacher and an evangelist, and said that he had been led to believe that certain pious people would be made happy by what they called when they came to the Lord.
It began with a bad dream.
On the very day the world was to begin to change, Mr. Trelawny, brother, nephew, cousin, and fellow-citizen of Mr. Longbottom's household, did the most ridiculous thing that ever happened to him, and that is to have succeeded in changing the most important meeting of the village house into a hideous pantomime of torture, murder, and mayhem.
I was brought up as a girl; at nineteen I went to the American Military Academy at West Point, as the U.S. Department of Defense gives its officers the name of the school in which they train and exercises.
It started with an issue of a magazine called 'The Old Man's Journal,' and there was a story in it about a man named Mr. Trelawny,
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
Staring at the empty corridor, I wondered if Snape knew I was there.
The summer he left home, Harry lost an arm. 
"That thievish bundle, the delivery boy," said the kitchen woman.
It is a dark and stormy day.
Norman the Vorkosigan, King of the Three Pensises, lumbered down the street in a black velvet suit and white shirt, his face blurring into a mask of graying black hair.
The night had been beautiful, for sure, but Harry had had far worse nightmares.
Sherlock Holmes was back in the Kremlin, slinging hints at his wife and son while he sat in his comfortable chair.
It is a dark and stormy day.
The old woman stood before the door of the house on St Anna's.
There is a woman in the house who screws the air conditioner.
Lily was sixteen and in love, and she was going to have to kill someone.
The cross-claimed island of the angry twin gods lay beyond the main land, where the land and sea met to the north and south, and the sky and cold sea to the east and west, and the wide, empty, dusty plain to the north and south.
I had the good fortune to be born on a farm.
I am an orphan.
The stillness of the barn, full of the smell of the past, was punctuated by the low rumble of the rain in the old bank.
I had always loved to read.
Maybe it was luck, maybe it was my imagination, but I always knew that if I wanted to be a writer and make a money and live like a king, I had to know how to read.
The domed tower of a tower—a large one, overhanging the whole lower city—stood high on the bluff of a lake.
The sun was shining brightly on the golden beaches of the Pacific.
The girl sat before the fire in the center of the garden.
It was really a bad day for my brother.
I was born during the reign of Victoria, and died during the reign of Henry I.
In the village of Blädle, in the country of Wetche, there was a village where the name of spring ever smiled, and where the name of the place was Blädle, and where it was well known that the spring of that place was the earliest spring in the whole country, and that the spring of that place was the earliest spring in the whole country.
Lingered in the darkness of the cellar, were the remains of so much of the leathern skeleton that had once stood in the cellar, and so many of the bones that had once been human, that it was impossible to know where to begin.
There is no being so wretched in the world as Death.
On a day when no one could have known it better than I, I suffered the illness which I now call "the grief ofzoot."
It was the day after the last day of our summer holidays, and it began with an eager quest.
In a good year one can expect to see a strong show of civilisation.
The second chamber of the library stood on the first floor.
In the kitchen of the hotel the stewardess took little notice of the dish next to her on the table.
I never knew what it was to be alone, but it was never easy.
I take refuge not only in this book, but in the recollection of a great many tales that I have heard, some of them more remarkable than others.
One morning, as I was leaving the house of my grandmother and aunt, I happened to pass by the house of a certain Thomas Balls, a man of affairs, with whom I have never been in any degree acquainted, or somewhat anxious to do so, but who, from his character, appears to me to be very highly disposed.
The book was the black-bound journal of one J. M. Paternoster, the author of several books and articles on etiquette and manners, but least of all of any practical business.
The sky was blue and clear and the rain was falling.
On a spring day in 1865 the inventor of the aeroplane called upon the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in Hanover for a few hours of instruction in his most important yet neglected field.
We left London at nine o'clock in the afternoon, to cross the Channel at Dover, and pay back for the kindness of the last night, arriving at Dover at eight.
I am a dead man.
There are many people who do not know it, but who know it very well, who say that men are born with a spirit of defiance, man a spirit of woe, who is ready to die upon his own head, if he has not been given a chance to
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
When you walk into a classroom full of empty, pale-faced faces, even the most garrulous of them will stare at you, as if you were too... well... bizarre to be human.
As he sat in his study at Hogwarts, thinking, the boy in the tall green hat was staring at him with a look of wonder and admiration that rivaled any other eye in the world. 
Some people call me the Wizard of Oz; others the witch of the water lily.
It's a rainy Saturday afternoon in September and the house in which Harry had lived since the start of house-breaking, when he had first seen the ghost house and had first dreamed of running away to the woods, or of jumping a tall, lopsided tree on top of a hill and the moon floating in the sky.
It had not been long since his first encounter with the weird, with the witches of the village, that Harry had guessed who the pony-faced boy with long, grey hair, who was always seen with a silver straw hat and a pair of dirty green sneakers, was.
The young woman who was in the middle of the room had always been a bit of a trouble, but she had been more of a bother than most when she had been twelve.
Miss Pernille was sitting on the bench by the door, staring up at the stars.
"Have you found out who's going to be president?"
I knew precisely where I was going.
The flame of the orphanage seemed always to be dimmed by the passage of time.
"My name is Draco Malfoy."
"How do you do?"
"My name is Harry Potter," insisted Harry, shrugging his shoulders and turning his attention to the board in his hands, busy thinking about what he was going to do with his life.
It never occurred to me to think that if I went up on the roof and persevered as long as I could, that I might one day walk across this sea of silver and gold, on the verge of the great city of London, and make a name for myself there, for the kingdom of England would be my own, and I would be capable of doing anything I pleased, either good or evil.
Everyone has his favorite childhood playmate.
In the year 6, or maybe 5, or around that time, people in San Francisco invented the first flushing toilet.
This is the story of how I met my husband, Mr. and Mrs. Harry, and how I ended up marrying him, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Robinson.
I still remember when I first realized that I was pregnant.
In the year 1825, four years after the workmen had finished the first of their trams, which they called "the modern tram," and had begun to grind up the fine snow about to tumble, and had rolled it out into the open road to the sea, they began to plan the road which they called "the old road" up to Farmstead in the County of Northants; for it had once been called the "Old Road," and its name was still acceptable before the advent of the modern use, but in the beginning it had been called by that name; and they did not at all expect that it would continue to be called that until it had been reconstructed into a modern road, and actually used, and improved once more.
The morning that the conquest of another part of Europe had reached its peak, the great city of Paris was enveloped in a state of deep gloom.
On the morning of the 19th of February, 1612, a very young woman was born to a wealthy family in the city of Paris; and her name, as I have already said, was Mary.
When the lads of Gremlin arrived at Anderson's Farm in the county of Northants, they found that it had been sold for a good price, and was vacant of all the estate of its owners, except one young woman; who, being only nineteen, was obliged to sell, and to give the proceeds, to the care of her uncle, who was not only a farmer, but a very wealthy man, and either a farmer himself or a farmer's son.
The Lord make you a merry man, at the same time that you make you merry; for as you have made me a husband, so you have made me a father.
I was sick for days.
ON the morning of the 18th day of June, 1614, the English Parliament met in its chamber at Westminster.
In the year 1626, the year of the tax, the Parliament of London, sitting in the "Old Parliament," passed a statute which gave every man and woman a right of chattels, and permitted them, in the course of ten years' time, to have more than one chattel.
The weather was rainy.
As supper approached the
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
Last November, the new year, I went to the cinema to see the last of the Bond films.
"Well, Mr Skitter," said the good-natured doctor, in the unenviable position of having the responsibility of diagnosing and treating all his patients, "I cannot pretend I have all the answers, but this list will serve for the purposes of your enquiry. If you consent to a full and fair examination, I will submit the subject to all your expediencies, and I am ready to pay a reasonable price for any information which may be obtained."
I (this is my last name) am gay, dark-haired, blond and lanky, and I am not ashamed to say that my face is one of no small consequence.
"There they are."
I was born with an unusually large cock.
In the April of that year, when the streets of London were still new and bustling with individual street urchins in search of a life of luxury and comfort, a man dressed in a white cotton coat and blue-and-yellow striped shirt walked the road to his shelter.
It was just after one in the afternoon on a windy, dark, damp afternoon in March, that the glinting dead leaves of the eternal virgin rose out of the dark, passing between clouds of more-or-less immaculate grass.
I want to say that my life was peaceful.
I grow the beard, and the mustache, and the smoothness of white teeth until I look like an idiot.
I was a black-haired, skinny thirteen-year-old boy, who, like so many other young people in the late nineteenth century, was surprised to find out that he was going to be a man, and to live a long, long life.
On the evening of his thirty-first birthday, Prince Charles was at dinner with his cousin, the Princess, and Lady Mademoiselle de H2.
They said that there was a very great likelihood that the Cretaceous all ended soon, and that there would be no more change in the climate of the world; but they were all mistaken.
A beautiful young woman, riding a yellow horse, in the midst of a wilderness of desert, in a city where old walls and towers still stood and where the air and the roads seemed to tremble, awaited her destiny.
Tom did not like the way he looked.
The first thing you'll find when you start playing a video game is a giant blue ball flying around and spinning around, before you even begin to move your fingers.
The young man in black had no name, and no business of his own, but he had been told many a great lie, and none of them made a hair's breadth more certain.
I am in a place called the Land of the Dead, which I have heard of, though I have never seen it.
One day in mid-April, Mr. and Mrs. Georgina Ann Croft believe it to be.
The story itself is too long.
It was a big enough hat that she could fit it around her head, or over her shoulders, or any part of her body; and it had to be big enough to hold everything but the hat itself.
The first time it occurred to me that it was possible to have a good time, and, by a long and curious road, to be a good man, was when I was twenty-one years old.
On another night when I had no purpose to be alone, I had the audacity to write down what I had seen while I was with my father, the editor of The Daily News, in the year 1892-93, and to read it to my sister, who was then still a child of twenty-one, who was a good-natured old lady and a fool, and whom I trusted, and whom I loved as my sister.
There was once a man who said that all things that are not written can be seen to be done by the same man.
It began, as it were, in another world, perhaps even in another world, but perhaps not; for it is a fact that the only things that seem to have changed radically in the past two hundred and fifty years are things that appear to change with ease.
The cloud-pane on the side of the school-house window showed a light drizzle coming from the east.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Dudley were leaving their immense house in Little Heath, in the south of England, at nine o'clock, on a fine Saturday, June the fifth, 1891, to make their way (they were not longing for anything beyond its unusual charm) to the room of A.M. where the family court was kept.
"Timber!" said the family dog, whose name they all knew; but for some reason, it did not count much.
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"Don't think the story's over, ruff myself and I'll tell you the damn truth."
It was a fine day in early December when the train night train suddenly stopped and a pair of black-clad men were peering through the open window into the sleeping quarters.
"The true nature of the Weasleys is the true nature of the fact, Harry."
"I don't believe in the afterlife. I just know it doesn't matter."
Harry Potter, the two-hundred-and-eighth-year-old son of Lily and James Potter, the Earl of Arlington and Duchess of Norfolk, the sole surviving descendant of Charles and Thomas Dudley, the last surviving member of the house of Dudley, and the son of Lady and Lady Dudley (a full house of Lady Dudley being the highest rank), finally finished second year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, and after a year of bitter struggle, had climbed from the lowest rungs of his class to become a professional wizard, the like of which had never before been witnessed before in the annals of magic.
Not long after he had finished his story he heard a voice speak from the woods.
"I was born to be a killer."
The moon was setting as I left my room.
Shodias Gavrilovich was the only person in the universe who could get my heart rate up.
Once upon a time, I was a philosopher.
The priscilla had been sitting in the cart behind the house for hours, but she had kept her eyes on the horses, which were galloping along at a good clip.
Unlike many high-class accountants in Paris, who ride in on a camel, or even a donkey, which is considerably larger, and which is slower than the standard coach, my father rarely rode a mule, and he was very glad when he did ride a mule, because it enabled him to do all kinds of things within the limits of his strength.
It was mid-afternoon, and the crowd was silent.
There was once a boy named Bea, who was good and fair, and who had a large family, and who always used to have the same much-malused name, for he always had the same unkind name, and he never liked to be called that.
I was born a woman, and my mother, Meek, and my mother-in-law, Mother, and my mother-in-law, and all the rest of the family all were women, but as you will see I never was a woman.
Brigid Landon, the daughter of Lord and Lady Landon of Carn Cymru, Lord of Carnhall and Abbot of the Garter, the Lady of Carn, wherewith her father and mother came into possession of the Mainspring of a thousand reeds, a thousand sequins, and a pint of water, did, in the year of our Lord 1483, open the old gate of her father's house close by the churchyard--the same gate which Lord and Lady Landon of Carn had used as a ministry during their lifetimes when they were visiting the house of Lord Landon, and where, during the last days of their lives, they gave to the Lords of the churche three livres and a half, which the lord of the church was very glad of, and used as a pittance to pay the house-tax of the church.
It was a warm and sunny month of the year 1482.
I have always kept a frame book kept in my dresser at all times.
In the year 1783, when the reign of Henry IV was over, a certain Duke of Buckingham arose in the House of Commons and promised a great and dangerous change.
The vultures who buzzed around the white house for every glimpse of the Duchess of Newcastle, when the lady was to be married, were gone by the time the day of the wedding became certain; and, with the exception of the white-cloaked walking-miners in the garden, the streets of this handsome village had been entirely deserted on that day.
He had a very good eye, his friend said, and looked after his money.
Not long ago the good old man came at last to his senses, and thought that he must be out of a job.
In the year 1793, when August rolled round, there appeared in London a handker n».c.
There was once a boy, who had a fine nose and white hair.
The day the Padandon family and their young friend John Padandon set out for the Old Courtyard in the City of London, their father Sir Joseph Padandon had a precarious business to solve.
All these events happened on the 4th of August, and on a cold and snowy Saturday morning, as they scraped in from their long
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
The whole glowing room rose to its feet.
-January, three weeks after taking the poison.-
She hadn't intended to go shopping for the kids that day.
-August, third year.-
At three o'clock like this, I'm being told to go home, which means I have no business sitting here.
-October, twelve weeks into my internship.-
For the past two weeks, the Prisoner of Azkaban had been a hulking, cold-eyed thing, a monster of the Most Horrific, though some described him as placid.
I loved my grandmother.
-She was a good and kind woman, and as such she would not have anything to do with a sick man.
-She was a grown woman, slightly overweight, well dressed, and wearing well-fitting clothes.
-Alive, eight days after the death of her husband, Miss Alice Dalloway-of the Pint Building in Palgrave-Street, as she sat down to choose a subject of conversation with her neighbour-the world's most eminent apothecary, Doctor Joseph Vane-the world's greatest chocolate connoisseur of the nineteenth century, Mr. Belvedere of the Parisian street fly-and-supplies, Dr. John Quartermaster-of the ship-whale Squadron Heterozone of the Navy-and indeed the world-famous spectacles-in-the-air, as she was giving the order of concealment to her revolver and was about to read out the returning message of a dramatic undertone, which the man in question had written for her:-"I am coming to murder you! Go away, madman!"
Jekyll-and-Hyde, where the brown-and-green lions and the black-and-white falcons of the park met, where the tent-of-giant-Panther, with its glorious vista, its lofty branches and secret chambers, and its gorge, was a mile away, and never entered the reach of man.
The sun had already set when the bell rang.
The body lies in the vault of the attic.
-That was the day I met my wife.
At twenty-one minutes past eleven on the second Thursday of my July, 1871, I sat down on the front step of my parents' house in my village of Saltspey, in the hills above Goolag, on an unseasonably warm, warm summer day.
The boy in the green jacket was standing on the edge of the Nevadis, looking out across the sea.
There is a story told of one boy who was originally very tall and very broad, and who, though never very large, never liked to be carried around, even in his childhood, by his sister, or even aunt, or any other relative of his, without any necessity for buying or parting with anything of value, but only as a last resort and for convenience of the eye.
The earth was warm, the sky full of stars.
The moon was shining, and all the stars were shining, and the sky was full of bright moon-light.
Sensing the faint outline of a moving thing, she had the distinct impression that it was one of the great races of the universe.
The first thing that came to my mind when I heard of the assassination of Mr. M. P. Liston, and his carriage being followed by a body-guard of about five persons, was, that it was the work of some of some very dangerous and nefarious characters, who were acting under the direction of some lady, who is to-day editor of the 'Book-Room' of the East India Company, and who is chiefly in the discharge of her office, subject to no restrictions whatever.
The moon was late getting up again, and the sky was still a golden and shining blue.
In the year of our Lord 1642, Joseph Harvey Tatham, esq. of the Temple of the Holy Cross, of St. Andrew's-church, in the parish of St. David, in the freethinking quarter of the city of London, sitting in the Queen's house with his brother Peter, and others, a very important and interesting affair took place, which I shall relate in my own way, along with the rest of the matter which concerns me.
There was a man in the street when the second explosion took place;
In the seat opposite our coach-room, in the apartments where the servants are now provided, there remained a certain gentleman, by the name of George Lisle, who had been known at that time to be a respectable and well-to-do man; but now, for some years past, he had come to be known only as Mr. Lisle, and it seems that nobody knew him better than he himself did.
"And now
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
The last time they saw each other, Hermione had been working on her seventh year. 
The instant they met, Harry was in love, not just with the girl, but with the world.
I am started, in my apprehension, with the knowledge that I must die.
The sun was shining brightly in the suburban working-class town of Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, when Harry Potter stood there alone on the corner of 16th and Mission, taking his solitude in his stride.
The first time James and Lily met Gormenghast, it was on a beautiful summer day in the year they had their wedding.
The cold wind stirred the grass under the sprawling houses of the Clontarf where the sea meets the sky. 
Not long after she was born, Diana Trussell had a dream.
A change of weather was announced in the early morning hours of the day that the last members of the family of the Headsman of Claustro, Mr. Robert Clavell of Thornton, were due to be arraigned in the City of London.
One morning, however, the fantastic form of the wizard Tam asked Harry Potter if he had any idea what a plot was. 
"Yes, he wants me to kill him!" cried the boy.
Lord Voldemort wanted one last hellish mission.
"I should like to discuss things with you, Mr. Potter," said my companion gently, "but I am afraid that the best way to do so is to speak to you face to face, and not over the telephone."
Lord Voldemort was dead.
It was one day when Mr. Potter was dead, and Sirius was still dreaming of the adventures to come.
"Professor, I understand that you will very much appreciate the reason why I am here and not anywhere else."
The wizarded world was in shock.
Eru was a big bull and had a lot of energy.
"I remember your name, Harry."
"Awww, don't touch!"
My name is Dora, and I am thirteen years old.
The Death Eaters had already lost.
How was I supposed to know when I was going to die?
"I suppose," said Harry, "that, at the time, everyone thought I was just a hare."
This story, however, is not a story of a jealous mother and a sadistic stepfather.
It was only a slight change of the seasons.
She knew what she wanted, but she didn't know how to get it. 
"I'm reading this book to my son, and I don't think anyone else here has the same idea," said the professor as he stood up and walked over to the book shelf.
"I'm going home, Harry," said the voice of the girl sitting across from him.
There was once an unhappy family, a very unhappy family.
When the priest sat down to read from the Book of the Law, he had only one intention and that was to banish the evil spirit, whose name was Eberhard.
"No, no," said the little boy lying weak beside his mother in the back of the churchyard.
The sun is finally up, but it's already dark in the town of Feather, England, where the sun rises first on a clear and pleasant afternoon in the fall and sets later at night.
The morning sun shone brightly on the mountaintop.
It was just the way it was supposed to be: cold and black, silent and distant.
The night sky was gray and overcast, the beginning of winter, and what a disappointment for the settlers, who, with the exception of a few rare but remote cases, had expected a moment of calm and optimism.
Your Majesty is very much pleased to receive my letter of introduction, and to have me to perform a certain service in your palace.
The Magic Book of the Shadows, or the books that had been offered to me in London, had been taken away from me by the customs of Great Britain, and only a few minutes' trouble had been taken to bring them back.
I am beginning to believe that no man can possibly be entirely sure that the end is near.
And so it was that early in the morning, before the Parisians had fully recovered from the shock of the recent terror incidents, these strange and frightful creatures, the Amaltheia, entered the house of the Count d'Urberville, in the village of Cadewy, at Le Champ, and caused his wife and daughter great disturbance, and by their tears to the very heart of the rich and famous man of that name.
It is a house on an estate in the heart of the broad country, which is divided into many parts by a great river that runs through a wood, which tends to a very high and wide bank; and this is near the mouth of
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
The room was pitch black, save the moonlight.
The Earth is the center of all life.
This story takes place in the year 2775, and, in it, we follow the intrigues of a group of highly ambitious young men whose ambition, though it consisted in the smallest particulars, had for its object the triumph of political power.
The black clouds of smoke over the black sandstone plain rose over the horizon, sounding like the sirens of an ancient war.
I was not supposed to be here.
The fire was in the kitchen.
That's what her mother said when she told her that she was pregnant.
Harry looked out the window, where the lake was just a small stream of water, and wondered how they had gotten there.
I am not sure where it came from, but everybody says it comes from somewhere, even if they don't know where.
It's only the fourth day of the week, and the first time someone has walked in here without proper clothes.
The day after her father, Mary of the Lion's Shadow, died. 
This is that story.
The sun shone bright and clear.
In a dusty little backwater of the San Francisco Bay and on a cold April afternoon in the early morning of March 5, 1869, a young woman named Virginia Winthrop wandered into the town of Bozeman, Montana.
The winter of my fourth year there was a heavy snowfall, and our little cabin in the hollow of a large pine tree, just north of the mouth of the Little Missouri, seemed to be in the grip of a strange and fearful weather.
The west is the sea, and the sea is the west.
He is a handsome, lanky fellow, with a black beard and a black-rimmed eye, and he is a very good man, for all the good he has done.
Joseph Hartford was born in 1807 in the village of Coosaken, Massachusetts, in the child-generating district of a town called Methuen.
It is my ambition to write a history of the world, which, if possible, will be of a kind which is neither extravagant nor arbitrary; as touching what is the nature of the powers and passions which compose the human mind, and of what rank they are, and of what degree of importance they are to society.
The story of the first English settlement in America starts on the night the Sword of Destiny was mentioned to the passers-by by some one who had once been hanged in the Tower.
It was only a few days after the conquest of the New World that the name of New France appeared in print in the United States, and a change of government gave the joyous postulation of a new "Land of the Fifth Republic."
During the last days of the long winter of 1831-3, and for some days afterwards, the excitement was very great for the adoption of a scheme of commerce which would probably have been of large utility if it had not been for the lapse of many years.
On the day before the wedding feast of the priory-chamberlain of Stepney, and already, the joy of the solemnity could scarcely be restrained, the day passed into oblivion.
On the night of the wedding of Mrs. Augustus Palmer, the king of England, friends of the family of the Duke of Marlady, and the lords and ladies of the house of the Princess of the Lake, by right of marriage, dined together at St. John's about the matter of the marriage.
At an hour of the most peculiar sort, each known to the others, when they were out in the world, and with no personal pretensions to any particular standing, but just and reasonable expectations of good fortune in the employment they were in, and as their lives were concerned with general utility, they were naturally disposed to look forward to everything that happened.
All the world is a beautiful place, but it is no easy matter to find out what is the nature of the place where you live.
The world has drifted slowly away from its gates ever since.
I have long ago lost all appetite for reading, but what I could not otherwise find, I found at last in a book which had been lying on my desk ever since I had retired to bed.
In the year 1317, the three ancient Flemings who had settled at Holmby Park in the South-West of England, had came into the possession of the King of France, Philippe the Third, three mares and a foal, who were a company of eight.
In the famous chess board of Gurdon in the Court of the Emperor, the Emperor is said to have smothered the first great chessboard match of the world.
In the deep waters of the Persian Gulf, where even before the arrival of Christian ships of war, the Arabs had accounted for all land
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
The room had been dark for several minutes before the huge man walked in.
"They're coming, you know!"
"That isn't about my baby sister, was it?"
Harry had the distinct impression that the man standing in the doorway was the man who was supposed to be here.
The dark shapes were approaching, slowly but surely.
Madam, we have decided to put our house up for sale and turn it into a park.
The House of Black and White is a short, very dirty house, and no one in it likes to be there.
"Just take an extra minute for yourself, and then tell me what you're going to do with that kid, then. I have learned to accept the fact that no matter how hard I try, I can't make him do what I want."
The pit was a thin line of gray marble, pasted over and over again, of which the first half was sedimentary and the second was a black-brown, with a surface of slate and some sort of darker greenish-blue; and by this it is plain that the walls of the pit were of stone.
The first item on the list of things to do for my birthday, I suppose, is to go to the movies.
There was once a boy who was born with a broken leg.
"Ah, it's a great day for a girl," said the old woman in the corner of the church, "with a fine dinner, a handsome present for her dear father, and the honour of being admitted to a certain gentleman's house. It was a beautiful day, and I'm glad it was beautiful; yet, a prince of this kingdom must have a pretty house, and a pretty air, and a pretty garden, or it is no good.
It was January in the year of our Lord 1184.
In the parish church of St. Martin, in the month of December, there was a certain lady who was either a widow or an idiot, or an insane person; she never knew the difference.
My name is Eleanor and I am writing this letter to you to ask for your help in realizing my dream of becoming a lawyer.
In the year of our Lord 1184, a certain young man aged twenty-one years received a letter written by his friends, in which they congratulated him for his success in a certain career in which he had been offered a fortune.
In the spring of 1778, the year when the discovery of the gold mines of the Marche had brought in enormous profits, a episcopate at London, with its more prominent buildings and more properly acknowledged residences, was established.
In the year of our Lord.
In the year of our Lord.
In the year of our Lord.
In the year of our Lord, the Parliament dissolved at Westminster.
In the year of our Lord.
In the year of our Lord, a certain Shenkstee, was expelled from the University of Stirling, because he had attempted to overthrow a treaty of peace made between the university and the Royal Society, which was published in the Royal Society's organ for the time, and was dated the previous October, 1783.
On the night when the corpse of the great Lord of the Church (for I am not about to say who it was who murdered him) was found, The Lady Coltrin, the widow of the late and lamented Lord Herveyth, who had the honour of being the mother of the great and celebrated Lord Herveyth, died, a very unhappy death, which was neither premeditated nor foreseen.
When I first met Mr. Walker in the college, he was professing a 'respectable' course of studies, and he was well known, both in the neighbourhood of North Cambridge and in the country, as a member of the Acobalt House, or 'House of the Green-Bears,' which was a house belonging to a wealthy family in the neighbourhood, and which involved no difficulty whatever in obtaining one's entrance—except that, as the title of the house implied, it was situated in the midst of a wide and commodious country, which, with many advantages, particularly in manufactures, was of great import, and which was a delicate and delicate occupation in those days.
I have before appeared to you as a gentleman of my own age, and not in any manner inferior in respect of rank to such persons as I have known in my own lifetime.
In the year of our Lord, 3378, the Fourth Proposition of the Constitution of the United States, read and approved, was superseded by another, which was, that every person having any property, whatever it might be, whatever it might be worth, whatever it might have been, whatever it might have been worth, the value thereof should, if it should ever be necessary, be ascertained and taxed.
First came, then departed
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
Here it is, finally.
The first light of the morning was a hard cold blast of wintry morning air.
The countless small units of the Empire, the noble and costly servants that play such a vital part in the affairs of the Empire, are mingled near you at every point of the route, or rather, the outward arm of the Empire, from the extremities to the glittering capitals of the Empire, and, at the same time, from the most remote districts of that Empire into the most populous districts of the Empire.
The sky was covered with clouds of star dust, and the high elves on the northern coast of the lake were wrenching at the rocks.
There was nothing yet visible, though the great sky and the ocean looked like nothing but ringed canopies of clouds, stretching from horizon to horizon like a vast grid, from which the sky itself seemed to be a mere square ring.
Many times in early childhood, when the gap between us first dawned and the sun was shining and the First Men were growing fat, I had seen a young child — and not in the usual sense, for the child then, like every child, was a girl.
Calvary stood there, tall and thin, like the lord of the Palace, looking down at the floor.
Harry had always been a bit of a compulsive over-achiever.
The women in the temple were all dressed in the same shade of red, and though they had no idea it at the time, or how long they had been there, or why, they knew exactly what to do or not do.
The Black Prince, who had been summoned to the court by the Queen herself, was about to go into battle, when the Queen, in a voice high enough to reach the King, said:
"Be forewarned, my nephew, that King Lannister has been sent to spend the rest of the year in Hampton court, with a younger sister and brother, and that whilst they were there they must keep very strictly apart, for, as is common in all ages, a sister will sometimes deceive a brother and, if there be any truth in that, may be more dangerous than the other."
The night in the forest when they met the sun was bright and clear; it was a good summer's day.
Die doch an den König der Völker in den Nachts vereilig.
His life had been much the same since he had first stood on a sleeping bag and walked through the night.
There were many things that the Duke said that were not true, and some that he said that was not true, but there was one thing that he said or that he said or did or said or said that was true.
We have only heard the likes of those before, but I believe there are some in the family that could not have been otherwise.
He has been guilty of killing and maiming my father's very best friends.
This is no place for a fool; but there is nothing to prevent you from being a fool.
One morning the fire escape blew, and there stood a man in a train seat on either side of the door of a building that looked like it was made for one person only, but was really for several.
Nothing is as it seems.
I will start off with a little history that I think all readers, whether they know it or not, will find particularly useful.
If you want to know why people go to hell, look no further than the hands that they call parents: the family, if you please, of which they have no names.
If you have ever thought about the future of a profession, what are the prospects of it in the future?
There was a time when it was possible to forget what it was like to be alive.
There was once a man who was well known, and known very well, for the one thing he had in common with every other man in the world, though he did not know it at the time he was doing what every other man in the world did, he had in common with the man who was named Thomas, with the same qualifications, and quite at the same time, however, he possessed some things which no man in the world possessed: he had both the good and the bad of the human species; and there is no one who finds more good in human nature than the man who has done no other good than what he had done on his own account, but had done it all on the goodwill of his country and his countrymen.
Until his mind was shut out by a mask of sanity and fear, he had only seen things as they really were.
The sun is the only thing that matters; all else rests upon it.
This is the tale of a man who made a fortune in medicine in a world where every honest man was an honest
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
The last things Harry heard said he was going to die.
The stars seemed to shimmer, in the quiet night, as though they were being pulled into themselves.
It was the worst of times - a time when the magical world had gone mad, burned up by a curse that no wizard alive had ever seen before.
Saphir climbed down into the water, where she had been stripped of all her clothing, and stood there, her mind reeling.
The devil was in the boat.
The moon was in the morning, and the sea was calm and verdant, yet the ship felt the sting of the tides as it sailed slowly along.
I am a man who has lived many a long and happy life, and none of it has been without its ill-effects.
The harpist played his part in life for a woman.
A thick, black mist of steam drifted behind the corvette as the patrol rolled along the ship's port bow, avoiding any sort of enemy attack.
The sea was clear of life, and the crowed had gone away.
She stood there, though she was not quite sure why.
Titus was down in the basement preparing to play his music in a small VCR when the babysitter called him over.
Harry Potter, last son of a bitch, had grown up to be a kind, intelligent, honourable man.
The wind howled.
I was coming home from the office and I saw a man walking up the stairs.
The storm had broken out again, but Harry Potter was not one of the first to perish.
They had been standing here all day, staring at the iron bars, wondering what to do.
There was something about the way the flowers came in that morning.
The streets of the city lay empty and dusty, the streets full of grey-haired, middle-aged men with filthy grey beards, who claimed to have run away from home in the summer, but who had never been seen or heard of again.
They were passing through a dirty little fellow's old boy's town.
The moon was up and the sky was blue, making a pretty sky indeed.
It was dark, but inside the dark house, Hermione was like a dream.
It was a cold morning, but the snow was a soft, fluffy gray.
Snape, it is the pleasure of my honour to inform you that I have made a discovery of extraordinary importance.
We were driving down the various roads in the dusty countryside when it happened: the first sound of the wind, soft and delicate, echoing through the treetops.
"The darn thing is getting on my nerves."
The wind howls.
"We're going for a ride."
The rain was heavy, blowing down a huge sheet of ice on the Burhinguns' farm.
There was once a town in the mountains of Scotland, but it was a long time ago in a long but beautiful country. 
Christmas was upon us again, but the town of Mayfair, as is known, is not so much a Christmas town as a town of weather-worn houses.
It was the months of the year when all the little towns and villages of Britain were in a confusion of mind, as if their parents had suddenly vanished.
It was in a land called Lebling, at the head of a broad and attractive expanse of ocean, or, as some keep it, "a vast and admirably situated archipelago" of which many of the new villages had been formed, but it was not a country, it was not a country at all.
When the news came that the governmant of the town of Chalmers had been murdered, I wondered what was the matter with those poor people, who were called "the poor."
This book is the story of how I became a witch.
The clock had struck six in the afternoon, but the gardens of Northampton were still half-awake, and the sun shone bright.
The moon shone like a brilliant star, cast in a green ochre and amblaced with the hues of gold and silver, its white face glittered in the gloom of the ancient rooms, and its white translucent surface, with its brilliant rays of light, is a striking contrast to the gloomy, dark and dreary surroundings of the second-class rooms.
I walked from my flat to my room at four o'clock, as almost everybody does--and I am not the only one who begins the day the same, just as I am the only one who will have done so for some time.
I was born on a farm in North Carolina, but it was not so long ago that I remember their names.
How much longer could a man live?
As much as I could remember, it was the northern lights that occupied my imagination.
It was a long
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. "You know who I am, don't you, Simba?"
'The monster, my dear,' the warlock sighed, his thoughts racing.
The woman had finally decided to carve a story for her dead husband.
By morning of September 2, the blustery weather was finally starting to mend.
At the top of the last 'end' of the long, long list of peaks and crags rising in the blustery white dust of the western ranges of the Pyrenees, the first flight from Madrid to central Paris was making its long, slow journey.
The little house, which I am proud to call the Sweet Mary, had been built by my half-brother and aunt the following year.
Spanning a large plain, it had been just a few miles up a desert fissure, but it had finally reached the so-called 'high' level of the Pleiades.
The Isthmus of Tirayan, which divides the Isthmus of Myrna in two, was the vice-admiral of the ancient sea-power of the Noldor.
Treacherous shadows of dust billowed about in the old house as if they didn't want anyone to be in there.
The title of the book is a little ambiguous, but I have to stress that it is not a very pleasant book, and that the reader is most unfortunate about to encounter a life of an intellectual, which, I should like to say, is a very evil one, as it is well known to all, but it is not a wonderful one, either.
The first thing I remember is a sudden realization that I am no longer a dolphin.
I have always believed that the only true form of magic is belief.
The flight from Sweden to Germany was nearly over.
The boy in the striped tunic, who had looked almost exactly like a man, when he was five inches long, and five inches tall, and had fair hair, looked exactly like a woman, and in fact looked a great deal like a woman, at the time of her first conception.
The date of the battles is hard to determine, but much of what is known about the Civil War of that year is corroborated by contemporary sources.
On the morning of the fourth day of March, 1675, the King of England was crowned King of the Glee-land.
The flies that crept through the cracks of the walls of my bedroom door were not the kind which attacked me at night; nor were they the kind of flies which, when they reached the entrance, the inhabitants called 'moths'; or 'moles'; or 'bugs' as they used to call them in London, and 'dust-moths'; or, indeed, that kind of thing, which was called 'dust-moth moths' except where it lay in the air, where they had a certain advantage over those which, when they came into the open air, were covered with a thick, black, and constantly flapping cocoon; not so much for their size as for their beauty, since they were always remarkably beautiful in their flight.
The bustle of the Auror train swelled to a hundred and twenty-seven thousand.
I stand before you before nine o'clock on the second day of August, for I have been appointed to manage affairs at the court of the Kings of England.
I stood on the cliff, where all the crumbling remains of old walls and towers cast a pall of gray light; and I paused to compose myself, with a deliberate thought of escape.
Silas the Black is dead.
I was thinking about the brown-stockinged house behind my aunt's, and how it had preserved its dingy appearance from when it had been only a single story of brick and plaster.
Si the White Lady, in her early twenty-first year, had, in fact, the least to do, of all the Virgin's ladies of her age, in the establishment of a palace for them at the point where the river Styx flows into the Thrym-yard.
It was a very mild and pleasant July morning in the year when we were preparing to send to the class of the School of the Luperciad for our education and the training of our consort, Francesca.
The bold man, who is already an accomplished adventurer, aims at sea and at the moon.
"Calm down," he said to the Italian, "that's no longer the problem. Can you explain what I am doing now?"
An angel of dawn shed her wings on two of the peaks of the Abirondack.
The house looked again, and again, and again, and again.
I have been writing these lines and these lines.
Parsifal?
The Sphinx had stood for some days past and not a drop of blood had been spilled.
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
"Good evening, Miss" Brown said, as she sat down at the table in the dining parlor, which lay a one-room apartment that was a rectangle of an apartment, or on the contrary, a rectangular room, and, it may be, a room that was a room, but which, if we may be so obdurate as to speak of a "room," was but a rectangular room with a tiled roof, and, in fact, a rectangular room, as well as an even lower, narrow, and, in fact, a room where no floor, even in the middle, was laid, and indeed was, so that you could have travelled, if you pleased, without stepping a foot within the walls of your house, and, indeed, without even touching the floor of the room, were it not for the fact that the floor was the layer of the house beneath the house, and so the house under the house was below the house above.
"I think you understand, now, Doctor," said my friend, "what's the matter with you?"
"What do you think I am, a wizard?"
"A mug?"
"No, not a mug," said the dark-uniformed nurse, tending to the breasts of the three young men seated on the kirk bench.
The sky was blue except for the brilliant, blue stars, which were cast a brilliant, blue-golden blue by the sun, and were magnified to a size which was to be seen from space.
My name is Nehemia, daughter of the late Joseph and Elizabeth Nehemia.
There was so much to do!
"I had a dream," said Harry, "which was not very dreamy."
"Ah," said the room, "I see that you have noticed my absence."
"It's well," said Anthony as he strode purposefully into the room.
"This is the end of the world."
"How can I be in any way your friend, Mr. Potter?"
"Get away from my house, Mr. Potter!"
"I had a dream the other night, and I must say I am quite impressed with the quality of the dream!"
< All quotations from The Weird Universe come from the book by Neil deGrasse Tyson, The New Laws of the Cosmology. This book, though I have been told to stress that it is not a scientific text, is an entertaining and generally significant one in its own right. I wish, however, to stress that the author of the book is an amateur astronomer, and not a fan of science. I shall write in more detail on the subject of Science in the book if I am able to get it. >
For a hundred years the human race was ruled by the Empress of the 26th century.
At first there was nothing.
That's how the story begins.
It was a long day.
And then it was all still.
It was a good day to be ancient.
One hour in the afternoon, when the planes are silent.
The lights can be seen in the street.
"Oh, right."
"Is the gang back?"
When the sun finally set I took refuge in the back of my room.
The first thing the sun saw when it rose on the first Sunday in June was that glinting spear of a ship in the distance: a little water-carrier called the Houghton Margate, that was sailing in pursuit of a German frigate; she was called Der Runde.
In the middle of the year 1876 they had a revolution.
Legends speak of a time when angels walked among men; that when a certain orphan was brought up in a house of God, the angel of the Lord came down from heaven to plead with him; that the Lord prevailed by His grace and power upon the truth of his pleadings; for of all the saints of the Gentiles, the most holy, and the most blessed, the greatest was Jesus Christ: and yet, though raised unto heaven and set up as a star of justice, yet he was esteemed in the sight of the Lord, not by his own merit, but for the work that he had done; neither was he despised in the sight of God: but he was exalted above all things, and was received with the most great privileges, even of God: and it came to pass, that he was esteemed a star, by one of the angels of God; but before he was even named, he was already a star, and could alone be distinguished from all others.
It was the middle of April, and it was a summer's day in the Pass of The Long Gray Sea.
ANOTHER CHILD WAS born.
I grew up three blocks down the block from my parents.
The sun was shining, and the wind was blowing.
The train pulls in
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
Shiver
It was a gorgeous afternoon in the sun; a bright golden summer day in the summer of '92.
We could smell the hormones in her voice.
"I have always loved the moon."
In our world, the sun reached its highest point at midnight. 
My mother was a real bitch.
The unlived world of the dead, what we call the Material, is like a dead version of the real world, with a great deal of the same land but with many strange features.
"And you, get up, and keep your mouth shut!"
The doors of the house where they all lived were all closed at the moment of death; no one was allowed to go in except the deceased and his immediate family and, in many ways, even his children.
The Bruin Inn was a rather pleasant, if slim, old house in a rather pleasant, if slim, old street; its architectural quality could be best summed up by the dotted lines of its walls, which were often slightly crooked.
One night, nearly the year I was born, my uncle and I were playing as children.
Every summer, my parents would take me to the park in the park where people often worked.
The months of October and November are always twilight and I lay by the fire while my uncle and aunt sat by the river and talked in the shade.
When I was twenty-one years old, I had the fortune to meet my match in life.
I will take this opportunity to tell you about a certain man, who, unbidden, was the object of my admiration, beyond measure.
In the morning, my mother would go into the kitchen and take a frying pan from the cabinet.
At dusk, the long green grass stretching for miles across the Swiss Alps below the city of Chenier was green with the wildflowers of early spring.
Today, the mountain-shadows were blue and the evening air filled with the gentle scent of the lake.
It was raining in the cloisters of the deserted city of Feller, but the heat of the sun and the freshness of the air in the warm months were too much for the sick.
I was walking in the street of the town of Grant, in a little town called Starington, when I was attacked from behind by a group of men—not exactly well known to me at the time—along with a bull.
There are certain things that can only be known to the person who has committed them.
Potter was quite dead.
The morning was hot and windy and there was a heavy snow on the ground and deep blue-green river water at the ready.
My wife and I are best friends.
It wasn't my favourite day of the year, but it was my favourite day of the season.
There was a man there, but I don't know if I liked him, and he didn't care whether I did or didn't like him.
Mary had always wanted a man with blond hair, but when she was eight the first color on her face changed into something untidy and unpleasant.
I was born to be buried.
It was a quiet, happy hour of afternoon.
The weather was clear and cool, with an unusually high temperature, and even though it was winter there was plenty of snow clearing.
I have been studying the writings of the Marquis of Hempstead for some months.
The French king, Charles the Third, had the misfortune to be born in a large and well-ordered house on which he had been born and reared, and which his grandfather had purchased for a gift for the king's son.
The sun was setting as the stolid, gray-haired man, James Keen, strode into his parlor.
In the early fourteenth century, in a small village in the province of Franche-Comté, in the province of Normandy, there lived a man named Charles the First, debt-free, with a large fortune but no means of support.
There was a little boy there whose name was Conor.
In the summer of the year, 1472, Sir William Liddell Hart, c/o the Duke of Sion, a freeman of the county of Orkney, and a resident of the land of Aberdeen, in the part of the county of Aberdare which lies between the sea of Fife and the sea of the Isle of Lewis, went to see the king of Scotland.
The moon shone like a thousand suns, freezing the ground beneath their feet, and casting a ray of light over the puffs of fine mist that surrounded the hills.
Arctic nights were the deadly companions of the colder months, and the sport of winter sports was always in danger of being disturbed by the cry of terror, 'The snow is coming,' or, 'The bear is on the loose.'
It had
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. "Ah, you should be here. When they put you in the kettle, you were already sweating. And all I wanted was to wait for the end of the world."
Sally Miller turned into the white stucco garden where she was working and then into the street. The sky was blue with the crying of birds, and the light of the city.
The next morning, the only man in the village was awake.
The house was quiet, and cold.
After a while, when the sun was high, there came a sound as though the earth were shaking and the skies were to be shaken.
When the next client came, the healing began.
The walls of the guest room were a mass of gauze and the paintings were faded.
The day the ambassador died, Maria Theresa presided, in a feeble state of flavor.
The picture of a beautiful woman, sitting on an enormous red chair, smoking a cigar, and looking thoughtful as though she were planning something, has been printed so many times, and is so familiar to us, that it is difficult to find out exactly what made it come to be.
"You're a creep," said the curling professor.
Thirty-three years ago I wrote an article in the American Journal of Clinical Pharmacology, in which I adopted the test of the psychometrica, which is to say to measure psychological qualities in a person.
The steam engine was running and the air was hot; the ocean was blue and the sky was full of stars.
"I am going to have to kill you, my darling," said Mrs. Burch, sitting on the arm of the chair, and looking into the eyes of her nephew, who was sitting beside her.
The last years were not easy for the family of the Land's Entrance.
Gabriel was a spoilt child of five and a half years old, who had been given the most delights of life by his mother, who had been suffused with a mysterious pleasure which overshadows all other pleasures, and which is peculiarly affected, and very unaccountable, in the mind.
The Virgin and Child, and all the Saints, are preparing the last supper for their blessed Prince, with the peculiar blessing of the Holy Ghost, that they may be with him in all things, and with him for ever, and never be separated; which is the blessed gift of God, and is signified by the most sweet and gracious presence, which is that ornaments given to this kingdom, to be likely to be agreeable to all manner of people, and to oblige them to give up some thing of their own peculiarity, and to look after their wants in a manner agreeable to their taste, and in a manner totally agreeable to God.
The house was full of the smell of cooking meat.
The castle was ancient, long-gone, but for the grace of God it was saved.
The hussar of Samarkand, in the depths of the Himalayas, was a kingdom of gods and men, full of heroes of renown, and ruled by a monarch.
In those early days there are stories of mighty heroes, but very few of them have survived to tell us what they were really like.
"I have been told," said his friend, "that the most famous men of our time, and the most famous women, are either dead or very much dead."
The moon was a beautiful and purring one, with a bright, clear face and a wary look in her eyes.
The one who found the body of Amelia Earst had not expected to find her dead.
The moon dropped steadily out of darkness.
Mountain-flaring pines and sombre oaks stood amid a grassy meadow in the district of the great houses, where the town dwellers dwelt, and where the inhabitants of the neighbouring houses had their lodges; and down from the high walls of the old-time buildings a lane which ran to the river, winding through the meadows and thickets of the old-time families, and back again into the middle walls of the houses, and which led into a good garden, close at each end, at the upper end, and at the bottom of the lane.
The sun shone brightly on the square.
There is a town not far distant, which is the seat of some families, of whose members there are many families, that have come to enjoy the advantages of a settled situation.
Mule-foot men tumbled along the mud, laden with their loads of bamboo and rubbish, their bundles of grass and leaves, and their ragged butts of animal fodder.
A grain of sand, laden with all manner of design, was laid upon a cushion of the mat, and when everything was ready, the thirty-four travelers stepped out of the boat, or, at least, the samp
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. It was a quite heavy snowball indeed.


"Stop clinging," Mr. Adgis said.


"What, are you talking about death?"


"It's just that it really bothers me," Mr. Adgis said.


"I do not like the way you're acting," Mr. Adgis said, but there was no need to name the man.

man, it's not fair."


The first time only five friends were there, it was for Harry's sixth birthday.


I have been invited to attend the funeral for a friend, but who is that?


The first time she met him, a boy named James, she was eleven years old.


"I'd like you to read this," said Mr. Adgis.


"I wish it was a story," said Seamus, holding out his pinky index finger, which he dubbed "super-power", to the little boy.


The first time Peter pulled her out of the park, she was in a tangle of newts, her body in full view of the other newts.


Once upon a time, a boy named John asked for a spinning wheel.


There was once a boy named Tom.


There was once a boy named John, whose name was Tom, and whose name was John.


I don't recall when my first memory from a dream or memory is of seeing a rocking ship.


The first time I ever laid eyes on a barge, it was in the winter of 1812.


The old, gnarled bodies of the giants, and their white, spiced skins, and blackened hooves, and the blackened bones of men, were in the city of Serkonkar; and in the morning, when they were ready to go ashore, the people cried out for the ship of their ancestors, the ship of the gods, which had been in existence for centuries and was a large, decorated ship of wood, and of iron, with sails of gold and blue, of ten feet in length, and of seven in breadth.


The sun shone brightly, the mourning streamed past, and the ashes of the dead were drifting away into the ocean.


Harry Potter was eleven years old.


"Don't worry, Malfoy," said Uncle Vernon, "we'll do it for you, for the price of a book."


I cannot remember the year, but it was the year before I became a wizard, when I first heard of magic, when it was conjured and levitated.


That is what most people call a good story, but it is not a good story at all.


Now you are all set, mister, you are all set.


A child cannot control the mana of a real person.


There he was, singing a lullaby—a song that was supposed to be lullaby, but instead it was an incantation.


"We're here, Mr. Moody, Mr. Tenpenny."


In that very cell, there lived a woman.

Behind the thunder and the cold of the frozen North, a young man named Harry Potter sat on the bank of the river Styx and wrote.
By the time he was twelve, Harry was already thinking about winning the Quidditch World Cup.
The first time he saw the light of the day was when his mother died, in a car crash.
Once upon a time there was a boy named John.
A young man named James was a great wizard, and he owned a pet dog named Engine.


He was alive and well, and already writing a book.
He was not the type of person to leave his house without a key; nor was he the type to do less than that.
Certainly there were times when the lives of his masters and his students depended upon the technology of his fellow-creatures.
I don't want to talk about the dead.
I don't know what it is that you should be so particular in your care for your loved ones, but you always seem to get them in the end.
I remember the first time I heard the word harlot, or mistress of the house.
"I think we're going to have a field day," said the man with the large black eyes and the square jaw.
Dr. Charles Scott was not a man to be taken lightly, but it was he, who had guided me in the path of my life, who had recognised the danger I was about to incur, and who had thus saved me many a hard hour of illness.
The darkness was deep and monstrous, and the stars were big and yellow, like some sort of insect.
As a boy I used to dream of a castle on a hill and a castle and boys all round it.

====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. 
The boy sat, delicately, unself-consciously, on the bed, his head tilted down. 
The flame was gone, though the lamp stayed on. 
Draco watched as the sky darkened, watched as the Britain of the future vanished before his eyes. 
I'm a bitch. 
She was walking towards the door of her room, shaking her head.  
"This is the thing, isn't it, when a girl walks into a place of common sense and becomes a wimp?"
I was nine and my mother was dead.  
I don't think I've ever known what it's like to go to bed scared.  
I am not a bad girl; although I have had a few fits of rage and several fits of grief, I have always been a good girl, and I never has been afraid of a woman, even if she was ugly.  
They come for us all, but we are the ones who survive.  
I should have known better than to step into the illuminated chamber.  
In truth, for all the things she had, no one expected her to be a mother.  
It was a brilliant afternoon in early November.  
The evening took place in a comfortable suburban house, with a view of the River Thames and a garden in the rear.  
Over the years my mother had written many stories of adventure.
The two great races of men in the world—the European and the American—had come into existence in different ways.
Our home was a tall and slender building, one story high, and with a view to the sea.  
I watched a man fall from the sky, and wait for it to happen, until it did.  
Our little village, as its name suggested, was very small; we had clearly got we, at least at our first step in life, wrong.  
The bird that landed on our front lawn was a mighty black one with an unusually wide body and long wing, and its black beak was expressive of its majestic strength; its dense black bill was the size of a big hotel room.
The story begins in the town called Emily, which is the name of a beautiful old house.  
I had good reason to expect that he would be disappointed with me.  
"It's going to be bad," said Uncle Tom to me.  
This is an account of the first week of the third month of the year 1877, when the cause of the great earthquake which struck the main body of Saint-Michel-de-Pointe, at the crossroads of St. Denis and St. Germain, and which caused the death of more than fifty thousand persons, had been opened; in a few days it had been discovered that the rupture caused by the earthquake, which commenced on the evening of the twenty-seventh day of May, 1877, and lasted for several days, and which caused considerable damage and inconvenience to the whole of the neighbourhood, was caused by a sub-division of the civil power near the same place; which, instead of being the result of any fault in the earth, had been brought into existence by the action of some invisible agency, whose operation had been more or less neglected, and whose ultimate purpose was to render the whole earth, in its entirety, an ample and safe place for the enjoyment of all species, whether the small, or great, or both small and great; in other words, a habitable and happy, if not absolutely secure, country.
"Easy into the office, I go."
It was a cold snowy summer's day in November, when the sun shone upon the garden of the house where we lived, and reminded one of the warm days of the year, when the grey mist and fog of the back country, which prevented the gentle motion of the wind, flurried about, impeded the progress of the crops, and were generally a hindrance to the enjoyment of life.
On my first visit to Aurorin, I left home, and went to hear the administration of justice conducted in the Senate chamber in the city of Slade, which is on the bank of the Thames, near to the town of Slade.
I am sitting down the long and narrow passage of a-ward of a very large room in the house where the poor old ladies live, on the bank of the Thames, which is called the "Blackwall."
In a place called the "Blackwall," or "Black Wall," which is at the foot of a high, murky, and dismal hill, there is a very delicate little hotel, which is built of timber, upon a level ground, and decorated with a few colonial buildings: but the rooms there are all full of people, and very dirty.  
As I approach my late
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
Dear white-haired girl who likes to be called Lily, I just wanted to let you know that that faithful servant of the Dursley will not return my letter without a reward.
Theirs were the last known events of the Rose-Anne and Lily-Dorothy families.
We were on a cross-country ferry from St. John's to Southampton when I heard the dying cry.
Duke Lestrange was a rich man and had ten children.
For the past year, Harry had been a prisoner of Hagrid.
Then God, the universe, was full of light and heat and light and heat and cold and cold.
There were moments in my life when I imagined a better world.
I remember what it was like, when I was a girl, and my twin brothers and I played together in a park in a bakery, eating cake and singing songs like: "You may go, but you cannot go."
A kind, scrawny cat toddled from a corner of the garden to the window of his mother's parlor, and peered out of the glass at the beautiful people walking through the city.
For one thousand and eleven years it was to this shining city, and all its majesty, that the Emperor Valentino Carolo of Sardinia held sway.
One day, when she was five years old, this woman was walking along the banks of the Thames, in a sort of drunken stupor.
My wife, Harriet, and I had been married a year when my mother died.
There had been a great deal of rain in my day.
When the last of the great fires of the past had finally ceased to smoulder, and the sun had risen from its slumber in the darkening darkness of the earth, the last of the last travellers of the great and terrible dynasty of the Hakkas had left the world of the dead in search of a new and more glorious home.
In the year 1725, the year of the fall of Paris, the great city of Paris, in which the name Paris now stands, was in the hands of the king of England and the queen of Holland.
Petra Mede was born in a household of ten.
I am not a medievale.
Ironic and unhealthy, all right.
It was an early spring evening and the girls were playing in the garden in the park just outside of their school.
I was born dead, and I am still dead.
One day the man who looked like me came in at the lamppost of a Saint-Saënt château.
By the age of five my hands were shaky and I could barely open a book in my hands.
In the year 1727, the year of the fall of Paris, the first of the last travellers of the great and terrible dynasty of the Hakkas had left the world of the dead to seek a new and better home.
In the year 1701, the year of the fall of Paris, Madame du Rondel, wife of Sir John deldyot Delisle, the former Baron de la Chambre de la Varenne, so-called Duchess de la Dameship of a house of thriving wealth, had died.
It was the moment when I was transported to another place.
There was once a fair town in which all the young people knew each other well; it was a little town of sixty miles south of Paris, and at the foot of the mountain a little more than six miles above the level of the plain.
He grabbed the knife that was lying on the table.
Sir John deeltel lived in a house, which he called the Champion House.
The dog was right next to his head.
When Harry woke in the morning, he had forgotten who had killed the grandad.
Usually I wake in the middle of the night and shape up four hours before I go to bed.
"Hearken my tongue, little one," the old woman said with an evil smile.
In the year 1722, when the world exploded, Jack the Giant-Boy emerged from the watery vault of the Ark, and abandoned his two hundred pounds of human remains in the midst of the river.
The future is like a picture.
The old man stepped out of the doorway of the rich old house.
Dr. Dr. Samuel Stuart, of the College of Physicians of that city, was at the close of the third week of December, 1725.
The star of the morning, seen from the north, stood in the southern horizon, like a lonely tramp.
On what bright star did the mighty empire of Rome rise, or fall, or perish, or endure?
There was once a town on the great continent of Europe, where the name of Rome had been long forgotten; and there lived in it a venerable family.
Living midnight
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting.
It was a simple matter of choosing a paper route to Hogwarts.
The tea was about to begin.
After the war, when the future was dark and hopeless and everyone knew it, we were allowed to do whatever we had to do to survive; but as a species, we because we were born for this role and this place; and even though, for a moment, it seemed to us as though there were many more of us than there were of you, it was terribly true that you were the last of a herd which, a few centuries ago, had grown very large indeed.
One sunny afternoon, in the late winter of my third year at Oxford, I had the opportunity of a life in which I was not only free, but I was fully comfortable, and although at the time I was only starting to do the things I had been told I should, I found it easier, I think, to have the good sense to take the risk--an undertaking which in my view, though, I had no reason to doubt was in my own best interests. 
After a serious illness and the sacrifice of many years, the celebrated novelist C. S. Forster died on August 12, 1867, in a hospital in the beautiful city of London.
I am now dying.
The world loved me.
In my childhood I had the dream of a happy and happy life. 
In the summer of my second year at school I was made to watch as a boy-girl named Maud did with the wonderful precision of a clockwork toy what little remained of her gift.
In the autumn of my fourth year I had the good fortune of passing through a season in which the climate of a vast region of the world looked more like a very beautiful and well-fed garden than like the heart of a great and powerful country.
In the summer of my fifth year, when I was only eleven, I had a rather awkward experience.
I have always loved the sound of a bell.
Home to a Chinese orphanage, set off on foot by her father's donkey, Yede, Wangshan fell in love with a country that was destined to give birth to an immortal emperor.
I have been observing you, Mr. Joseph, for two years, and I am very glad that you have recovered your health enough to take your strolls.
My name is Susan, and I am twenty-three years old.
Before the size of the earth, before the stars, or even before the rumble of a thunderstorm, there was nothing.
In the day that I was born, I was not aware that there was a world called the Universe or that in it there were living things, or that there was matter at all.
It was the spring of 1874 that I, my brother and my sister and I, and the two brothers and the two sisters and we and our parents, did make our last journey into space.
I was a good child, but before I got married there was no such thing as riches, and as such, I had no treasure of any kind to lead me into the cold, sometimes filthy streets of London.
I am going to tell you all the stories of my life--the first few, really, as long as I can remember.
I am going to tell you all the stories of my life--the first few, really, as long as I can remember.
As the sun rose in the garden he landed on his feet, stretched out on the grass and shook the dust from his boots.
After he was married to Linda the toys were gone and when he woke up he found himself in a tiny room colored a bright crimson against a pale blue sky.
I am going to tell you all the stories of my life--the first few, really, as long as I can remember.
The town was in ruins.
The white satin dress was hung over the front door, and a large, well-manicured chest grew in the breeze of the summer.
It was the first day of summer and the sun was shining brightly over the beach.
Hold on.
The hills of the Coast range, or people's hills, they were rich and their forests were long and their springs were deep and long ago and many years ago and many years ago and many years ago and many years ago and many years ago and many years ago and many years ago many years and many years many many years from the first time I've had a glimpse of the ocean.
The animals who inhabit the moorlands are small and cowardly, and they are all too fierce to be of much use to man.
Here is the story of my life, it is my story, and I am telling it only so that others may be inspired and be kind to one another.
The world lived in a period of change when the sun came out every day, like a general who goes
====================
Harry glared at Snape, vigorously stirring the bowl of frosting. 'I'm not going to die, you know that. You're not.'
Season of the Witch, by the way, is a fascinating thing.
The night before they set out to find him, a man called Tom believed that the world was ending and he was going to die.
"I live in a house with a swimming pool, which has been my favorite thing in the world for more than a year now, and it is not in any way uncomfortable. I am going to die, of course. This is the end. The last breath of the earth."
The moon was a bright golden star in the sky, half obscured by a haze of blue-green smoke.
Twenty-four hours before the boy with two arms and two heads emerged into the sunlight of a white granite desert, they set up camp on the lawn of a house that was once the home of a family of fishermen.
It all began with a whim.
The night before a thunder-cloaked woman appeared out of the forest in light blue sandals, a little girl with long black hair and brown eyes, Akemi.
It was a warm, clear September day in 1831 and real estate agent and dump boy Harry Figgie Dickenson was driving to the town of White River, Calumet County, to look at the areas for sale.
If you're looking for something to do with your left arm, you'll probably be disappointed.
It was an insane idea to lose a million dollars on a dime.
When the sun goes down in the mountains, The storm is gone.
I woke up in a cold sweat sleep, feeling as though my soul had been crushed, and was struggling to make myself come back.
The boy named Harry had been left behind during the final days of death.
There was a boy who had several names.
My name is Caroline, I am seventeen years old.
I am a man with a heart of gold.
I was born in an orphanage in Mali.
The day I woke up in my deathbed had all the tricks of a dud movie in it.
Today, I am going to tell you about the woman who changed the world.
It was an autumn day in 1877 when the English-speaking population of the world stood on a precipice and cried out, "We must do something!"
"Strange," said the Elder in a voice both hoarse and raspy. "You look nothing like the other little girls you're going to meet, do you, Miss Oliver?"
Gremley, the middle-aged man with the silver-grey hair, with the black eyebrows and the black-and-white eyes, is sitting on a small red velvet sofa in the shadow of his house in Ephraim's Ward.
My name is Don Corleone, and I am the King of the Year that was, and of the House of the Folly, and of the House of Titus, and of the House of the Executioner, and of the House of the Calamitous, and of the House of the White, and in other words, I am the King of all the English-speaking nations, so-called, and in the name of Christ, and of the Church of Jesus, I am here to speak to you, my lovely lady, in the name of my Father, the Lord Jesus Christ, and of my house, and get you your peas and your water, if you please, and your two inches, if you please, and your dimes of coin, and what you please, and what I please, and all the rest of it, and do what you please with it, as I have said, in the name of the Lord; and do you not see that I am just the man who you are going to have to suffer for the rest of your days?
Donald Trump, big, handsome man with a thinning moustache and a bad eye, shaved head and sharp chin, had been watching the stock markets for a few hours when he heard the news.
It is a dog's friend, dogs and cats are never far from one another.
The sun rose, but the wind was cold and the lamps were out.
The small town of Castle on the Moseley was a little town, the people were all the same, the weather was not much better, but the people were all of the same stock.
The hour of my death rose shortly before six.
The first sounds of the early spring were faint and droning even to the ears of the little ones in our village.
The long season of spring never fails to strike a happy chord with the human heart, and if the speaker is not already familiar with the beautiful name of that period of the year, it is only necessary to remember that it is at the end of June that we find it first appearing in popular literature.
====================
